Character designer Raita Honjou and composer Hitoshi Sakimoto both returned from previous entries , along with Valkyria Chronicles II director Takeshi Ozawa .
A large team of writers handled the script .
The game 's opening theme was sung by May 'n .
It met with positive sales in Japan , and was praised by both Japanese and western critics .
After release , it received downloadable content , along with an expanded edition in November of that year .
It was also adapted into manga and an original video animation series .
Media.Vision would return to the franchise with the development of Valkyria : Azure Revolution for the PlayStation 4 .
Outside missions , the player characters rest in a camp , where units can be customized and character growth occurs .
Alongside the main story missions are character @-@ specific sub missions relating to different squad members .
There are also love simulation elements related to the game 's two main heroines , although they take a very minor role .
The game 's battle system , the BliTZ system , is carried over directly from Valkyira Chronicles .
Each character has a field and distance of movement limited by their Action Gauge .
Up to nine characters can be assigned to a single mission .
Each character has specific " Potentials " , skills unique to each character .
Troops are divided into five classes : Scouts , Shocktroopers , Engineers , Lancers and Armored Soldier .
Troopers can switch classes by changing their assigned weapon .
Changing class does not greatly affect the stats gained while in a previous class .
The game takes place during the Second Europan War .
At the same time , elements within Gallian Army Command move to erase the Nameless in order to protect their own interests .
Now owing allegiance to none other than themselves , the 422nd confronts Dahau and destroys the Valkyrian weapon .
Each member then goes their separate ways in order to begin their lives anew .
The director of Valkyria Chronicles II , Takeshi Ozawa , returned to that role for Valkyria Chronicles III .
Development work took approximately one year .
In addition to Sega staff from the previous games , development work was also handled by Media.Vision.
Its story was darker and more somber than that of its predecessor .
The majority of material created for previous games , such as the BLiTZ system and the design of maps , was carried over .
A part of this upgrade involved creating unique polygon models for each character 's body .
The newer systems were decided upon early in development .
The character designs were done by Raita Honjou , who had worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games .
The main color of the Nameless was black .
As with the previous Valkyria games , Valkyria Chronicles III used the CANVAS graphics engine .
The anime opening was produced by Production I.G.
The music was composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto , who had also worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games .
An early theme he designed around his original vision of the project was rejected .
He redid the main theme about seven times through the music production due to this need to reassess the game .
The rejected main theme was used as a hopeful tune that played during the game 's ending .
The guitar was played by Mitsuhiro Ohta , who also arranged several of the later tracks .
The game 's opening theme song , " If You Wish for ...
Its lyrics were written by Seiko Fujibayashi , who had worked on May 'n on previous singles .
People who also owned the original game could transfer their save data between versions .
Unlike its two predecessors , Valkyria Chronicles III was not released in the west .
According to Sega , this was due to poor sales of Valkyria Chronicles II and the general unpopularity of the PSP in the west .
On its day of release in Japan , Valkyria Chronicles III topped both platform @-@ exclusive and multi @-@ platform sales charts .
By early February , the game sold 102 @,@ 779 units , coming in second overall to The Last Story for the Wii .
By the end of the year , the game had sold just over 152 @,@ 500 units .
Famitsu enjoyed the story , and were particularly pleased with the improvements to gameplay .
Its one major criticism were multiple difficulty spikes , something that had affected the previous games .
He also positively noted the story 's serious tone .
His main criticisms were its length and gameplay repetition , along with expressing regret that it would not be localized .
Kurt and Riela were featured in the Nintendo 3DS crossover Project X Zone , representing the Valkyria series .
Media.Vision would return to the series to develop Valkyria : Azure Revolution , with Ozawa returning as director .
Valkyria Chronicles 3 was adapted into a two @-@ episode original video animation series in the same year of its release .
Sakimoto 's music for the game was used in the anime .
The anime 's title was inspired by the principle purpose of the Nameless : to suffer in battle for the goals of others .
A subtitle attached to the project during development was " The Road to Kubinka " , which referenced the Kubinka Tank Museum in Moscow .
Both songs ' lyrics were written by their respective artists .
Two manga adaptations were produced , following each of the game 's main female protagonists Imca and Riela .
The Tower Building of the Little Rock Arsenal , also known as U.S.
Arsenal Building , is a building located in MacArthur Park in downtown Little Rock , Arkansas .
Since its decommissioning , The Tower Building has housed two museums .
The building receives its name from its distinct octagonal tower .
It was also the starting place of the Camden Expedition .
Thirty @-@ six acres were appropriated on the outskirts of Little Rock by Major Robert B.
The land had been previously used as a racetrack by the local jockey club .
John Wormley Walker , a builder for the Federal Government , supervised the construction .
Originally $ 14 @,@ 000 was allocated for the construction of the arsenal , but proved inadequate .
The budget was later increased to $ 30 @,@ 000 .
The original plans called for it to be built of stone , however , masonry was used instead .
The Arkansas Gazette referred to the structure as " A splendid specimen of masonry " .
It was planned for February 18 ; however , events at the arsenal , would not wait .
The first telegraph wire to span between Little Rock and Memphis had recently been completed .
Local attorney John M Harrel was asked to compose the first telegraph dispatched from Arkansas 's capital .
In his message , Harrel reported unconfirmed rumors that more federal troops had been sent to reinforce the Little Rock Arsenal .
The garrison at Fort Smith had been previously transferred to the United States Arsenal in this city ( Little Rock ) .
The rumor was interpreted by some Arkansans as a call from the governor to assemble to help expel the federal troops from the arsenal .
Governor Rector vehemently denied ordering the troops to assemble or giving any order at all in connection with the troops .
The governor would take possession of the arsenal in the name of the United States .
The soldiers would be allowed safe passage in any direction carrying any personal and public property besides munitions of war .
The soldiers would be allowed to march away as men leaving under orders , not as conquered and surrendering soldiers .
That afternoon , the citizen militia marched to the arsenal with Governor Rector at its head .
Most of these operations were started from scratch through the efforts of the Arkansas Military Board .
Note there were only 1 @,@ 364 percussion weapons available .
Most of these works were located at or near Arkadelphia on the Ouachita River , 75 miles south from Little Rock .
The tools , machinery , and the material were gathered piecemeal or else made by hand labor .
Two days elapsed before the change could be effected .
Looking around for a suitable person to head this activity , General Hindman turned to the Confederate Navy and borrowed Lieutenant John W.
Dunnington was the commander of the gunboat C.S.S.
Ponchartrain , which had been brought to Little Rock in hopes of converting it to an ironclad .
According to Dunnington , " When I assumed command at this Post , all material had been removed to Arkadelphia .
There were no persons employed .
No shops were open for repair of arms or for fabricating ammunition .
Material , tools , etc .
Work commenced the last part of the month .
The military force at Little Rock under Dunnington 's command consisted of four officers : himself , Major John B.
Green , and 2nd Lt.
Faulkner ( composer of The Arkansas Traveler ) was placed in charge of the Arsenal .
Dunnington presumably returned to his naval duties and the Ponchartrain .
Guard , office , and police duties .
The " Summaries of Work done at Little Rock Arsenal , C.S.A.
The building was drastically altered the inside and outside .
That site later became Fort Logan H.
All of the original buildings surrounding the Tower Building were demolished .
This was prompted due to increased membership and a need for larger , more permanent quarters .
The building and the surrounding park were used for many public purposes throughout the early 20th century .
Later the building served as an armory for the Arkansas National Guard .
A band shell named for H.
Foster also was built in the park during this time , but also no longer exists .
Allsop , and the Works Progress Administration .
It became the new home of The Arkansas Museum of Natural History and Antiquities , which had been located in Little Rock City Hall .
The museum remained in the tower building for approximately fifty @-@ five years .
The area surrounding the Tower Building had been known as Arsenal Park when the first decommissioned and then later renamed City Park .
The new museum was relocated to a historic building in the Little Rock River Market District .
Barker 's art education began in girlhood with correspondence courses and instruction at the Croydon School of Art .
Similar books were published in the following decades .
Barker was a devout Anglican , and donated her artworks to Christian fundraisers and missionary organizations .
She designed a stained glass window for St.
Barker was equally proficient in watercolour , pen and ink , oils , and pastels .
Kate Greenaway and the Pre @-@ Raphaelites were the principal influences on her work .
She claimed to paint instinctively and rejected artistic theories .
Barker was an epileptic as a child , and cared for at home by her parents .
Later , her sister and elder by two years , Dorothy Oswald Barker , continued the care .
The family of four was moderately well off , and belonged to the lower end of the upper middle class .
A nanny , a governess , and a cook to prepare special meals for Barker were hired .
In time , she received a teaching position .
The art critic for the Croydon Advertiser remarked , " Her drawings show a remarkable freedom of spirit .
She has distinct promise .
Her sister Dorothy taught kindergarten in two private schools before opening a kindergarten at home .
She brought in some money for the family 's support while supervising the household .
Barrie , and the fairy @-@ themed work of Australian Ida Rentoul Outhwaite .
Barker had a studio built in the garden and her sister conducted a kindergarten in a room at the back of the house .
The family lived frugally and attended both St.
Barker sometimes incorporated portraits of her fellow parishioners in her religious works .
She was described by Canon Ingram Hill as " one of the pillars " of St.
Barker designed and built the Flower Fairy costumes , and based each on the flowers and leaves of the particular plant to be illustrated .
The costumes were kept in a trunk in her studio along with wings made of twigs and gauze .
Each was broken down after an illustration was completed and the parts recycled for other costumes .
She often referred to Dion Clayton Calthrop 's English Costume .
Family and friends recommended she continue secular and sacred works , which she did .
She took sketching trips to Amberley and Storrington in Sussex and to Cornwall and the southern coast with family and friends .
She visited and stayed with artist Margaret Tarrant in Gomshall , Surrey and with family in Ugglebarnby , Near Whitby , North Yorkshire .
She continued to supervise the household , and to give both her mother and sister the care they needed .
Dorothy and her sister collaborated upon only two books : Our Darling 's First Book and the Christian @-@ themed , He Leadeth Me .
Edmund 's , Pitlake .
She restored a maisonette in Storrington , Sussex , England , bequeathed by her friend Edith Major , and named it St.
After taking up residence , her health began to deteriorate .
She was in and out of nursing and convalescent homes , and tended by relatives and friends .
Her ashes were scattered in Storrington churchyard .
She carried a sketchbook with her for capturing interesting children .
Kate Greenaway was a childhood favorite and an influence on her art .
Barker studied flowers with an analytical eye and was friend to children 's illustrator , Margaret Tarrant .
Along with Greenaway , illustrator Alice B.
Woodward also influenced Barker 's work .
The Pre @-@ Raphaelites were a strong , lifelong influence on Barker .
The story features an old Scrooge @-@ like man called Mr.
Petercoo and tonally suggests a Dickensian social consciousness .
Barker was a devout Christian , and produced religious @-@ themed works throughout her life .
George 's Chapel , Waddon .
Andrew 's , South Croydon .
Her last religious @-@ themed work , it was installed in St.
Picturesque Children of the Allies ; J.
Shakespeare 's Boy Characters ; C.
Shakespeare 's Girl Characters ; C.
Elves and Fairies ; S.
Child Thoughts in Picture and Verse ( by M.
Cradle roll design ; St.
The Parable of the Great Supper ; triptych , St.
The Seven Sacraments ; baptismal font panels , St.
Lettering , sword , and shield ; mount for a list of men and woman serving in the Forces , St.
I Am Among You As He That Serveth ; stained glass window design , St.
The Gambia women 's national football team represents the Gambia in international football competition .
That game was not FIFA @-@ recognised .
The Gambia had fielded an under @-@ 17 team of 24 players , narrowed from an initial pool of 49 young women .
The Gambia first played Sierra Leone in a pair of qualifying matches for the tournament .
Gambia won the first match 3 @-@ 0 in Banjul , the Gambia 's capital .
The return match was delayed in for 24 hours and played in Makeni .
The Gambia beat Sierra Leone 4 @-@ 3 to qualify for the final round .
The Gambia then beat Tunisia 1 @-@ 0 at home and won 2 @-@ 1 in Tunisia .
Adama Tamba and Awa Demba scored the Gambia 's goals .
Tunisia 's only goal was a Gambian own goal .
The Gambia 's first match was against Morocco , but the team withdrew from the competition .
Funding is another issue impacting the game in Africa , where most financial assistance comes from FIFA and not national football associations .
Another challenge is the retention of football players .
Many women footballers leave the continent to seek greater opportunity in Europe or the United States .
The plain maskray or brown stingray ( Neotrygon annotata ) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae .
It is found in shallow , soft @-@ bottomed habitats off northern Australia .
Its short , whip @-@ like tail has alternating black and white bands and fin folds above and below .
There are short rows of thorns on the back and the base of the tail , but otherwise the skin is smooth .
The divergence of the N.
Furthermore , the individuals sequenced in the study sorted into two genetically distinct clades , suggesting that N.
The leading margins of the disc are gently concave and converge at a broad angle to the pointed tip of the snout .
The small eyes are placed close together , and behind them are the spiracles .
The nostrils are elongated and have a skirt @-@ shaped flap of skin between them .
The small mouth bears prominent furrows at the corners and contains two slender papillae on the floor .
Small papillae are also found around the outside of the mouth .
There are five pairs of gill slits .
The pelvic fins are fairly large and pointed .
After the stings , the tail becomes slender and bears a long ventral fin fold and a much shorter , lower dorsal fin fold .
The tail behind the stings has alternating black and white bands of variable width , ending with black at the tip .
The underside is plain white and the ventral fin fold is light grayish in color .
This species grows to 24 cm ( 9 @.@ 4 in ) across and 45 cm ( 18 in ) long .
There are unsubstantiated reports that its range extends to southern Papua New Guinea .
It is the least common of the several maskray species native to the region .
This species is a bottom @-@ dweller that prefers habitats with fine sediment .
The plain maskray generally hunts at the surface of the bottom substrate , rather than digging for prey .
Its diet consists predominantly of caridean shrimp and polychaete worms .
Small bony fishes are also eaten , along with the occasional penaeid prawn or amphipod .
Larger rays consume a greater variety of prey and relatively more polychaete worms when compared to smaller rays .
This species is parasitized by the tapeworm Acanthobothrium jonesi .
Mature females have a single functional ovary and uterus , on the left .
The maximum lifespan is estimated to be 9 years for males and 13 years for females .
The main conservation threat to the plain maskray is incidental capture by commercial bottom trawl fisheries .
In the present day , this is mostly caused by Australia 's Northern Prawn Fishery , which operates throughout its range .
It also marked the third straight year that they missed the playoffs .
During the season Columbus managed only two winning streaks of three or more games .
Next , they traded for the negotiating rights of soon to be free agent James Wisniewski .
The point total was fifth @-@ highest in the league for defenseman scoring , tying Tobias Enstrom .
Filatov had failed to live up to expectations in Columbus , playing in only 44 games over three seasons scoring six goals .
Additionally , Sanford suffered a groin injury , leaving Allen York as the back @-@ up .
York had only played four professional games , all in the AHL , entering the season .
While Carter was injured , the Blue Jackets continued to lose games .
In the eighth game of the year , they had a chance to end the losing streak against the Ottawa Senators .
During the game , several milestones were reached .
With the team struggling , management attempted to " shake things up " by making some roster moves .
The first move was the acquisition of center Mark Letestu from the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Next , they traded defenseman Kris Russell to the St.
Louis Blues for Nikita Nikitin .
As the clubs slow start continued , there were rumors that Head Coach Scott Arniel would be fired and replaced with Ken Hitchcock .
Before any of these rumors came to fruition , the St.
Louis Blues asked Columbus for permission to hire Hitchcock , which the Blue Jackets allowed .
During the same time frame as the Hitchcock rumors , goaltender Curtis Sanford returned from his groin injury on November 13 .
Sanford started 12 consecutive games before Steve Mason made his next start .
Mason returned from his concussion after two games , making a start against the Vancouver Canucks .
After the game , Arniel stated that Sanford was still seen as the team 's number one goaltender .
With the losing continuing , more rumors began to surface .
Unlike before , the rumors were about player moves rather than coaching changes .
The majority of rumors were that the Blue Jackets would trade Rick Nash .
While Howson stated that he had never brought up trading Nash in discussions , other teams had inquired about his availability .
Nash stated that if Columbus felt it would make the franchise better than he would be willing to waive his no @-@ trade clause .
Howson publicly stated that he had no intention of trading Nash .
With the trade deadline approaching , speculation picked up on the Blue Jackets trading Carter .
Reports were that Columbus was trying to trade Carter and that he was " 100 percent available .
He was replaced by Assistant Coach Todd Richards on an interim basis .
Richards had previously coached the Minnesota Wild .
At the break , Blue Jackets ' owner John P.
McConnell sent out a letter to fans stating his understanding of their frustration .
Fans were upset with the Blue Jackets ' management and were calling for changes at the top .
In the competition , Johansen participated in the Allstate Insurance NHL Breakaway Challenge , a shootout themed event judged by the fans .
He received just 1 % of the vote and finished last .
Howson stated that the team was open to all options for improving the team , including trading Nash .
Despite being injured at the time , the acquisition of McElhinney was believed to give Columbus the flexibility to trade Curtis Sanford .
The following day , on February 23 , Columbus traded Jeff Carter to the Kings .
Following the trade deadline , Howson announced that the team had attempted to trade Nash at the player 's request .
Nash stated that he had requested the trade after being informed that the franchise was going into another rebuilding phase .
Columbus again defeated the Coyotes three days later to earn their first three @-@ game win streak of the season .
It was the only four @-@ game win streak of the season for the Blue Jackets .
It was the first time in franchise history the Blue Jackets finished in 30th place .
With Sanford again injured , York made an emergency start .
York remained the starter and led the Blue Jackets to a second three @-@ game winning streak .
The 54 saves by Phoenix goaltender Mike Smith set an NHL record for a regulation shutout .
Mason returned to the starter 's role for the final two games , winning both .
The two victories gave Columbus 65 points for the year , their third @-@ lowest total in franchise history .
With the NHL 's weighted draft lottery the Blue Jackets had a 48 @.@ 2 % chance of drafting first overall .
It was the fifth time that the Blue Jackets were dropped one draft position in the franchise 's 12 lottery participations .
Since being founded as an expansion team , the Blue Jackets have played in the Central Division of the Western Conference .
Division rivals Chicago Blackhawks , Detroit Red Wings , Nashville Predators and St.
Green background indicates win ( 2 points ) .
Red background indicates regulation loss ( 0 points ) .
Silver background indicates overtime / shootout loss ( 1 point ) .
In ice hockey , a combination of a player 's goals and assists are collectively called points .
Below is a listing of all player statistics for the Blue Jackets during the season .
Stats reflect time with the Blue Jackets only .
When Mason was injured in warm @-@ ups late in the year , Columbus was without an active goaltender on their roster .
To remedy the situation , the team signed former University of Michigan goaltender Shawn Hunwick to a one @-@ day , amateur tryout contract .
He did not face a shot .
Hunwick was the franchise record ninth player to make his NHL debut during the season .
Conversely , Vaclav Prospal played in his 1,000th NHL game during the year .
During the off @-@ season the Blue Jackets parted ways with defensemen Jan Hejda , Anton Stralman , Sami Lepisto and Mike Commodore .
Columbus had offered him a three @-@ year , $ 7 @.@ 5 million contract .
He instead signed a four @-@ year , $ 13 million deal with the Colorado Avalanche .
Stralman and Lepisto were not given qualifying offers which made them unrestricted free agents , and both signed with other teams .
He was waived , sent to the minors and eventually had his contract bought out .
Martinek played only seven games with the Blue Jackets before suffering a concussion and missing the remainder of the season .
Brett Lebda was brought in to replace him .
It was then also known as the Tower of Winds .
The tower is now called the " Specola Astronomica Vaticana " , the Vatican Observatory .
Four stages of progressive development have occurred since it was first established .
The instrumentation for the observation of the sun rays falling over it consisted of a meridian line designed by Ignazio Danti of Perugia .
It was in the form of a circular marble plate in the centre , embellished with scientific designs .
The tower still remains today , but has undergone improvements over the centuries .
Filippo Luigi Gilii , a clergyman of St.
The original observatory was then set up above the second level of the tower with the agreement of Pope Pius VI .
While the observation records for seven years were published , the balance data in a manuscript form was preserved in the Vatican Library .
The revival of the observatory on the Gregorian Tower was initiated by the Barnabite Francesco Denza with the approval of Pope Leo XIII .
Peter 's Basilica on the south @-@ west border .
The fourth stage involved remedying the problem of communicating between the two towers during the time of Pope Pius X.
At the west end of this bridge , a four @-@ inch equatorial was installed on semicircular bastion .
A new 16 @-@ inch visual telescope , called Torre Pio X , was erected in the second tower .
The new Astronomical Library was housed in two rooms of the building .
The two new Repsold machines were used for recording on the astrographic plates .
The recorded observations were published along with explanatory notes together with the last two series of the atlas of stars .
Charts were printed on silver bromide paper .
The tower had two floors and a mezzanine .
On the first floor was the famous Sundial Room or Meridian Room , which was initially an open loggia .
Today the tower has paintings by Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino da Siena .
These were created by Ignazio Danti , the papal cosmographer , in association with the Gregorian Calendar Reform .
The observations made with the sundial provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar .
Columbia released it as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom .
While Carey 's vocals were praised , it was seen as too political .
An accompanying music video highlights social injustices .
The song reached number 54 on the UK Singles Chart .
It was written during Carey and Wake 's first recording session together .
They composed four songs , but only " There 's Got to Be a Way " was chosen for the final track listing .
Co @-@ produced by Wake and Narada Michael Walden , it appears as the second of ten songs on the track listing .
He was assisted by Dana Jon Chappelle .
It was mixed by David Frazer at Tarpan Studios in San Rafael .
Walter Afanasieff played the synth horns .
Carey provided her own background vocals along with Billy T.
Scott , Jamiliah Muhammed and The Billy T.
The song was released as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom .
It is available to purchase as a CD single while the remixes are available on vinyl .
Clips of Carey leaning against a wall and sitting on some steps looking on at what is happening are shown .
As the first chorus begins , everyone starts to dance joyfully in the street and help those in need .
One of the shops in the background has a neon light outside the entrance which says " Jesus Saves " .
Nebraska Highway 88 ( N @-@ 88 ) is a highway in northwestern Nebraska .
The road travels eastward to N @-@ 71 , where it turns south .
N @-@ 88 continues east to south of Bridgeport .
The road turns north , ends at an intersection with U.S.
Highway 385 ( US 385 ) and N @-@ 92 in Bridgeport .
The road quickly bends east after less than one mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) , and continues in a straight line .
For the next twenty miles ( 32 km ) , N @-@ 88 intersects minor streets , through rural farmland .
The route turns south at N @-@ 71 , and becomes concurrent .
Four miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) later , N @-@ 88 turns east , ending the concurrency with N @-@ 71 .
The route continues to travel through farmland for sixteen miles ( 26 km ) , where it enters Morrill County .
The road crosses over Pumpkin Creek four times , and enters the unincorporated community of Redington .
Two rock formations , Courthouse and Jail Rocks , become visible from the road .
N @-@ 88 turns north toward Bridgeport soon after .
The road crosses over Pumpkin Creek for the fifth time , and enters into Bridgeport five miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) later .
The road intersects a railroad owned by BNSF Railway .
N @-@ 88 turns northeast soon after , and ends at the intersection of US 385 and N @-@ 92 .
The route remained relatively the same as the state highway system was officially designated .
The old alignment became part of N @-@ 92 .
Two years later , N @-@ 29 was renumbered to N @-@ 71 .
No significant changes have been made since .
Atlanta was a casemate ironclad that served in the Confederate and Union Navies during the American Civil War .
She was converted from a Scottish @-@ built blockade runner named Fingal by the Confederacy after she made one run to Savannah , Georgia .
Atlanta was floated off , repaired , and rearmed , serving in the Union Navy for the rest of the war .
She spent most of her time deployed on the James River supporting Union forces there .
He estimated her tonnage at around 700 tons bm .
Fingal was equipped with two vertical single @-@ cylinder direct @-@ acting steam engines using steam generated by one flue @-@ tubular boiler .
The engines drove the ship at a top speed of around 13 knots ( 24 km / h ; 15 mph ) .
They had a bore of 39 inches ( 991 mm ) and a stroke of 30 inches ( 762 mm ) .
However , all of the crew agreed to join in the effort to run the Union blockade .
Fingal was able slip safely into the Savannah estuary in a heavy fog on the night of 12 November without sighting any blockaders .
While Fingal was discharging her cargo , Bulloch went to Richmond to confer with Stephen Mallory , Secretary of the Navy .
He returned to Savannah on 23 November and it took him almost a month to purchase a cargo and acquire enough coal .
This was largely financed by contributions from the women of Savannah .
The outer layer ran vertically and the inner layer horizontally .
The pyramidal pilothouse was armored in the same way and had room for two men .
The upper portion of Atlanta 's hull received two inches of armor .
The rectangular casemate was pierced with eight narrow gun ports , one each at the bow and stern and three along each side .
McBlair , Atlanta conducted her sea trials down the Savannah River toward Fort Pulaski .
This latter was a real problem in the shallow waters near Savannah .
She also leaked significantly , and her design virtually eliminated air circulation .
Attempts were made to fix the problems and were at least partially successful in stopping many of the leaks .
The ship was commissioned on 22 November and became the flagship of Flag Officer Josiah Tattnall , commander of the naval defenses of Georgia .
It took another month to actually clear the obstacles and two monitors arrived before the end of January .
Dissatisfied with Tattnall 's perceived lack of aggressiveness , Mallory replaced Tattnall as commander of the Savannah squadron later that month with Commander Richard L.
Page , in his turn was relieved in May by Commander William A.
Webb ; Atlanta remained the squadron flagship throughout this time .
She was not damaged although it took over a day to pull her free .
In the meantime , Rear Admiral Samuel F.
Du Pont , commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron , had ordered the monitors Weehawken and Nahant into Wassaw Sound .
Commander John Rodgers in Weehawken had overall command of the two ships .
He moved forward the next evening to a concealed position within easy reach of the monitors for an attack early the following morning .
Webb planned to sink one of the monitors with his spar torpedo and then deal with the other one with his guns .
The gunboat Isondiga and the tugboat Resolute were to accompany him to tow one or both of the monitors back to Savannah .
A lookout aboard Weehawken spotted Atlanta at 04 : 10 on the morning of 17 June .
This time Webb was unable to get off and the monitors closed the range .
Webb surrendered his ship within 15 minutes of opening fire , before Nahant even had a chance to fire .
Atlanta was easily pulled free by the Union ships and she reached Port Royal under her own power .
Not badly damaged , she was repaired and bought by the Union Navy .
The 150 @-@ pound Parrott rifle weighed 16 @,@ 500 pounds ( 7 @,@ 500 kg ) and was 17 calibers long .
The 100 @-@ pounder weighed 9 @,@ 800 pounds ( 4 @,@ 400 kg ) and was 20 calibers long .
All four of her Brooke rifles are currently located in Willard Park in the Washington Navy Yard .
Atlanta was released and sailed for Port @-@ au @-@ Prince three days later .
She broke down in Delaware Bay and had to put in at Chester , Pennsylvania for repairs .
She graduated with a degree in mass communication from the University of Sydney , and worked as a television reporter in Sri Lanka .
Her performance in the first of these garnered her an IIFA Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination .
Alongside her screen acting career , Fernandez has participated in stage shows , and is active in humanitarian work .
Her father , Elroy , is Sri Lankan , and her mother , Kim , is of Malaysian descent .
Her grandfather , on her mother 's side of the family , is Canadian and her great grandparents were from Goa , India .
She is the youngest of four children with one elder sister and two elder brothers .
She hosted television shows in Bahrain at the age of fourteen .
After receiving her early education in Bahrain , she pursued a degree in mass communication from the University of Sydney in Australia .
After graduating she worked as a television reporter in Sri Lanka .
She also attended the Berlitz school of languages , where she learnt Spanish and improved her French and Arabic .
According to Fernandez , she had aspired to become an actress at a young age and fantasized about becoming a Hollywood movie star .
She received some training at the John School of Acting .
She played the love interest of Riteish Deshmukh 's character , a role based on the Princess Jasmine character .
Fernandez garnered mixed reviews for her performance .
Although the film was a critical and commercial failure , she won the IIFA Award for Star Debut of the Year - Female .
She was cast as a girl from Venus , who lands on Earth in search of love .
Later that year , she made a cameo appearance in Sajid Khan 's Housefull in the song " Dhanno " .
Mahesh Bhatt 's thriller Murder 2 was Fernandez 's first commercial success and marker a turning point in her career .
Fernandez was praised for the her performance , and for the boldness and sex appeal she displayed in the film .
The following year , Fernandez appeared in the ensemble comedy Housefull 2 alongside Akshay Kumar , John Abraham , and Asin .
Fernandez received mostly negative reviews for her performance .
Despite the negative reviews , Fernandez received a Best Supporting Actress nomination at the 14th IIFA Awards for her performance .
She played Omisha , a femme fatale , a role which required her learn fencing and some acrobatics .
She starred opposite Salman Khan , playing Shaina , a psychiatry student .
She retained her real voice for the first time in Kick .
The film established Fernandez as one of the most popular Bollywood actresses .
Tanwar described as a " boring , exhausting and pretentious " film .
Later that year , she appeared in a guest appearance for the comedy @-@ satire Bangistan .
Karan Malhotra 's action drama Brothers was Fernandez 's next release .
The role marked a departure from the glamorous characters that she had a reputation for portraying .
Film critics praised her performance , though their response to the film was mixed .
Jha noted that she : " ...
Fernandez shares a close bond with her family , and admits to missing being around them .
She says : " I miss them so much everyday .
It has taught me so many things about myself , about priorities and time management .
The relationship attracted media coverage in India and there was speculation of an impending wedding .
In addition to acting in films , Fernandez has supported charitable organisations and a number of causes .
The following year , she auctioned her outfits on an online portal for a philanthropic cause .
Fernandez has participated in several concert tours and televised award ceremonies .
That year , she also launched Gillette Shaving System with Arbaaz Khan and Aditya Roy Kapur .
He was a standout player for Boston University and is the school 's all @-@ time leading scorer .
Cullen played in two NHL All @-@ Star Games in his career .
He is one of six children of Barry and Loretta Cullen .
At the same time , his mother Loretta was diagnosed with skin cancer .
He used the game to cope with the loss and dedicated every game he played to his mother 's memory .
Cullen felt that the inspiration he drew from his mother 's battle allowed him to become a better player .
Longman Memorial Trophy with Ed Belfour as rookie of the year .
Cullen 's outstanding season in Flint caught the attention of the Sabres and the Pittsburgh Penguins .
However , when Lemieux returned after missing an additional 50 @-@ games due to injury , Cullen 's playing time and production declined .
In Hartford , Cullen worked to overcome the team 's fans ' disappointment at losing Francis .
The Hartford fans initially booed him to show their dissatisfaction with the trade .
Cullen was excited to play for his father 's old team , but injuries reduced his ability to perform .
His most significant injury was a herniated disc in his neck that doctors initially feared would end his career .
A bulky neck brace allowed Cullen to return and play out his contract in Toronto .
They were eliminated by the Philadelphia Flyers in five games while Cullen led the team in playoff scoring with three goals and three assists .
As Tampa was fighting for a playoff spot , he played through his condition for weeks .
The team took an x @-@ ray and found a large black shadow in his chest .
He underwent a CAT scan which revealed Cullen had a baseball @-@ sized tumor ; he was diagnosed as having Non @-@ Hodgkin lymphoma .
The diagnosis ended his season , and he immediately began chemotherapy treatments that quickly reduced his cancer .
He underwent a bone marrow transplant that briefly reduced his immune system to the point that he could have very little human contact .
He chose to accept the demotion , giving himself one month to determine if he could continue playing .
However , a bout of bronchitis led Cullen to fear that his cancer had returned .
Cullen and his wife Valerie have three daughters , Kennedy and twins Karlyn and Kortland .
He has since returned to his brother 's dealership , serving as its general manager .
Cullen has spent time promoting the initiative .
Prior to marrying his wife Valerie , John dated Carolyn Bessette the future wife of John F.
The two met while attending University in Boston .
Cullen is the namesake of the John Cullen Award , previously given to key IHL players .
She was assigned to the III Battleship Division .
Erzherzog Ferdinand Max displaced 10 @,@ 472 long tons ( 10 @,@ 640 t ) .
She was manned by 700 men .
She was propelled by two two @-@ shaft , four cylinder vertical triple expansion steam engines .
At the outbreak of World War I , Erzherzog Ferdinand Max was in the III division of the Austrian @-@ Hungarian battle @-@ fleet .
When the flotilla had advanced as far south as Brindisi in south eastern Italy , the Austro @-@ Hungarian ships were recalled .
Two days later , Erzherzog Ferdinand Max and her sisters arrived in the port and assisted with the suppression of the mutiny .
The plan was intended to replicate the success of the raid conducted one year earlier .
Horthy felt that the element of surprise had been compromised , and therefore called off the operation .
Ancient Egyptian deities are the gods and goddesses worshipped in ancient Egypt .
The beliefs and rituals surrounding these gods formed the core of ancient Egyptian religion , which emerged sometime in prehistory .
The highest deity was usually credited with the creation of the world and often connected with the life @-@ giving power of the sun .
Gods were assumed to be present throughout the world , capable of influencing natural events and the course of human lives .
People interacted with them in temples and unofficial shrines , for personal reasons as well as for larger goals of state rites .
Egyptians prayed for divine help , used rituals to compel deities to act , and called upon them for advice .
Humans ' relations with their gods were a fundamental part of Egyptian society .
The beings in ancient Egyptian tradition who might be labeled as deities are difficult to count .
The hieroglyphs that were used as ideograms and determinatives in writing these words show some of the traits that the Egyptians connected with divinity .
The most common of these signs is a flag flying from a pole .
Similar objects were placed at the entrances of temples , representing the presence of a deity , throughout ancient Egyptian history .
Egyptian religious art also depicts places , objects , and concepts in human form .
Confronting these blurred distinctions between gods and other beings , scholars have proposed various definitions of a " deity " .
Likewise , the preeminence of the great gods was maintained by the ritual devotion that was performed for them across Egypt .
The first written evidence of deities in Egypt comes from the Early Dynastic Period ( c .
Predynastic artwork depicts a variety of animal and human figures .
As Egyptian society grew more sophisticated , clearer signs of religious activity appeared .
Many Egyptologists and anthropologists have suggested theories about how the gods developed in these early times .
Predynastic Egypt originally consisted of small , independent villages .
New gods continued to emerge after this transformation .
Some important deities like Isis and Amun are not known to have appeared until the Old Kingdom ( c .
Kings were said to be divine , although only a few continued to be worshipped long after their deaths .
Some non @-@ royal humans were said to have the favor of the gods and were venerated accordingly .
Through contact with neighboring civilizations , the Egyptians also adopted foreign deities .
Modern knowledge of Egyptian beliefs about the gods is mostly drawn from religious writings produced by the nation 's scribes and priests .
These people were the elite of Egyptian society and were very distinct from the general populace , most of whom were illiterate .
Little is known about how well this broader population knew or understood the sophisticated ideas that the elite developed .
Commoners ' perceptions of the divine may have differed from those of the priests .
The populace may , for example , have mistaken the religion 's symbolic statements about the gods and their actions for literal truth .
But overall , what little is known about popular religious belief is consistent with the elite tradition .
The two traditions form a largely cohesive vision of the gods and their nature .
Most Egyptian deities represent natural or social phenomena .
The types of phenomena they represented include physical places and objects as well as abstract concepts and forces .
Major gods often had many roles and were involved in several types of phenomena .
He was credited with producing the annual Nile flood that fertilized the nation 's farmland .
Gods could share the same role in nature ; Ra , Atum , Khepri , Horus , and other deities acted as sun gods .
But some deities represented disruption to maat .
Not all aspects of existence were seen as deities .
Although many deities were connected with the Nile , no god personified it in the way that Ra personified the sun .
The roles of each deity were fluid , and each god could expand its nature to take on new characteristics .
As a result , gods ' roles are difficult to categorize or define .
But despite their flexibility , the gods had limited abilities and spheres of influence .
Many demons are hostile , causing illness and other troubles among humans .
Egyptians believed the landscape was full of these unpredictable divine powers .
Demons often act as servants and messengers to the greater gods , but their position in the hierarchy is not fixed .
Divine behavior was believed to govern all of nature .
Except for the few deities who disrupted the divine order , the gods ' actions maintained maat and created and sustained all living things .
They did this work using a force the Egyptians called heka , a term usually translated as " magic " .
Heka was a fundamental power that the creator god used to form the world and the gods themselves .
The gods ' actions in the present are described and praised in hymns and funerary texts .
The events of this past time set the pattern for the events of the present .
Myths are metaphors for the gods ' actions , which humans cannot fully understand .
They contain seemingly contradictory ideas , each expressing a particular perspective on divine events .
In myth , the gods behave much like humans .
They feel emotion ; they can eat , drink , fight , weep , sicken , and die .
Some have unique character traits .
Set is aggressive and impulsive , and Thoth , patron of writing and knowledge , is prone to long @-@ winded speeches .
Yet overall , the gods are more like archetypes than well drawn characters .
Their behavior is inconsistent , and their thoughts and motivations are rarely stated .
Most myths about them lack highly developed characters and plots , because the symbolic meaning of the myths was more important than elaborate storytelling .
The first divine act is the creation of the cosmos , described in several creation myths .
They focus on different gods , each of which may act as creator deities .
These and other versions of the events of creation were not seen as contradictory .
Each gives a different perspective on the complex process by which the organized universe and its many deities emerged from undifferentiated chaos .
A recurring theme in these myths is the effort of the gods to maintain maat against the forces of disorder .
They fight vicious battles with the forces of chaos at the start of creation .
Ra and Apep , battling each other each night , continue this struggle into the present .
Another prominent theme is the gods ' death and revival .
In the process he comes into contact with the rejuvenating water of primordial chaos .
Funerary texts that depict Ra 's journey through the Duat also show the corpses of gods who are enlivened along with him .
But it was always possible for this cycle to be disrupted and for chaos to return .
Gods were linked with specific regions of the universe .
In Egyptian tradition , the world includes the earth , the sky , and the Duat .
Surrounding them is the dark formlessness that existed before creation .
The deities there sometimes interact with those in the sky .
The space outside the cosmos is also said to be very distant .
It too is inhabited by deities , some hostile and some beneficial to the other gods and their orderly world .
In the time after myth , most gods were said to be either in the sky or invisibly present within the world .
Temples were their main means of contact with humanity .
Each day , it was believed , the gods moved from the divine realm to their temples , their homes in the human world .
There they inhabited the cult images , the statues that depicted deities and allowed humans to interact with them in temple rituals .
This movement between realms was sometimes described as a journey between the sky and the earth .
Deities ' spheres of influence on earth centered on the towns and regions they presided over .
Many gods had more than one cult center , and their local ties changed over time .
They could establish themselves in new cities , or their range of influence could contract .
Therefore , a given deity 's main cult center in historical times is not necessarily his or her place of origin .
The political influence of a city could affect the importance of its patron deity .
When kings from Thebes took control of the country at start of the Middle Kingdom ( c .
In Egyptian belief , names express the fundamental nature of the things to which they refer .
In keeping with this belief , the names of deities often relate to their roles or origins .
But many other names have no certain meaning , even when the gods who bear them are closely tied to a single role .
The names of the sky goddess Nut and the earth god Geb do not resemble the Egyptian terms for sky and earth .
The Egyptians also devised false etymologies giving more meanings to divine names .
The gods were believed to have many names .
Among them were secret names that conveyed their true natures more profoundly than others .
To know the true name of a deity was to have power over it .
Upon learning the name , she tells it to her son , Horus , and by learning it they gain greater knowledge and power .
The host of divine names and titles expresses the gods ' multifarious nature .
Egyptian deities are connected in a complex and shifting array of relationships .
A god 's connections and interactions with other deities helped define its character .
Thus Isis , as the mother and protector of Horus , was a great healer as well as the patroness of kings .
Such relationships were the base material from which myths were formed .
Family relationships are a common type of connection between gods .
Deities often form male and female pairs , reflecting the importance of procreation in Egyptian religious thought .
Osiris , Isis , and Horus formed the quintessential family of this type .
Genealogical connections like these are changeable , in keeping with the multiple perspectives in Egyptian belief .
Other divine groups were composed of deities with interrelated roles , or who together represented a region of the Egyptian mythological cosmos .
There were sets of gods for the hours of the day and night and for each nome ( province ) of Egypt .
Some of these groups contain a specific , symbolically important number of deities .
Paired gods can stand for opposite but interrelated concepts that are part of a greater unity .
Groups of three are linked with plurality in ancient Egyptian thought , and groups of four connote completeness .
Rulers in the late New Kingdom promoted a particularly important group of three gods above all others : Amun , Ra , and Ptah .
The term " ennead " was often extended to include all of Egypt 's deities .
This divine assemblage had a vague and changeable hierarchy .
Gods with broad influence in the cosmos or who were mythologically older than others had higher positions in divine society .
At the apex of this society was the king of the gods , who was usually identified with the creator deity .
In different periods of Egyptian history , different gods were most frequently said to hold this exalted position .
Newly prominent gods tended to adopt characteristics from their predecessors .
The gods were believed to manifest in many forms .
The Egyptians had complex conception of the human soul , consisting of several parts .
The spirits of the gods were composed of many of these same elements .
The ba was the component of the human or divine soul that affected the world around it .
Any visible manifestation of a god 's power could be called its ba ; thus , the sun was called the ba of Ra .
Gods could be ascribed many bas and kas , which were sometimes given names representing different aspects of the god 's nature .
Nationally important deities gave rise to local manifestations , which sometimes absorbed the characteristics of older regional gods .
Horus had many forms tied to particular places , including Horus of Nekhen , Horus of Buhen , and Horus of Edfu .
Such local manifestations could be treated almost as separate beings .
He consulted two other local oracles of Amun hoping for a different judgment .
Gods ' manifestations also differed according to their roles .
Horus could be a powerful sky god or vulnerable child , and these forms were sometimes counted as independent deities .
Gods were combined with each other as easily as they were divided .
Local gods were linked with greater ones , and deities with similar functions were combined .
This linking of deities is called syncretism .
Instead , syncretism acknowledged the overlap between their roles , and extended the sphere of influence for each of them .
But closely connected deities did sometimes merge .
In the reign of Akhenaten ( c .
Akhenaten ceased to fund the temples of other deities and erased the gods ' names and images on monuments , targeting Amun in particular .
This new religious system , sometimes called Atenism , differed dramatically from the polytheistic worship of many gods in all other periods .
Yet Atenism may not have been full monotheism , which totally excludes belief in other deities .
There is evidence suggesting that the general populace was still allowed to worship other gods in private .
The picture is further complicated by Atenism 's apparent tolerance for some other deities , like Shu .
Scholars have long debated whether traditional Egyptian religion ever asserted that the multiple gods were , on a deeper level , unified .
In the early 20th century , for instance , E.
He points out that in any given period many deities , even minor ones , were described as superior to all others .
Henotheism , Hornung says , describes Egyptian religion better than other labels .
In his view , Atenism was an extreme outgrowth of this trend .
It equated the single deity with the sun and dismissed all other gods .
Egyptian writings describe the gods ' bodies in detail .
They are made of precious materials ; their flesh is gold , their bones are silver , and their hair is lapis lazuli .
They give off a scent that the Egyptians likened to the incense used in rituals .
Some texts give precise descriptions of particular deities , including their height and eye color .
Yet these characteristics are not fixed ; in myths , gods change their appearances to suit their own purposes .
Egyptian texts often refer to deities ' true , underlying forms as " mysterious " .
The Egyptians ' visual representations of their gods are therefore not literal .
They symbolize specific aspects of each deity 's character , functioning much like the ideograms in hieroglyphic writing .
His black coloring alludes to the color of mummified flesh and to the fertile black soil that Egyptians saw as a symbol of resurrection .
Most gods were depicted in several ways .
Hathor could be a cow , cobra , lioness , or a woman with bovine horns or ears .
By depicting a given god in different ways , the Egyptians expressed different aspects of its essential nature .
These forms include men and women ( anthropomorphism ) , animals ( zoomorphism ) , and , more rarely , inanimate objects .
Combinations of forms , such as gods with human bodies and animal heads , are common .
New forms and increasingly complex combinations arose in the course of history .
Some gods can only be distinguished from others if they are labeled in writing , as with Isis and Hathor .
Because of the close connection between these goddesses , they could both wear the cow @-@ horn headdress that was originally Hathor 's alone .
Certain features of divine images are more useful than others in determining a god 's identity .
The head of a given divine image is particularly significant .
In contrast , the objects held in gods ' hands tend to be generic .
The forms in which the gods are shown , although diverse , are limited in many ways .
Animals that were absent from Egypt in the early stages of its history were not used as divine images .
For instance , the horse , which was only introduced in the Second Intermediate Period ( c .
The basic anthropomorphic form varies .
Child gods are depicted nude , as are some adult gods when their procreative powers are emphasized .
Certain male deities are given heavy bellies and breasts , signifying either androgyny or prosperity and abundance .
Thus the blue skin and paunchy figure of the god Hapi alludes to the Nile flood he represents and the nourishing fertility it brought .
Each pharaoh and his predecessors were considered the successors of the gods who had ruled Egypt in mythic prehistory .
Pharaohs had their own mortuary temples where rituals were performed for them during their lives and after their deaths .
But few pharaohs were worshipped as gods long after their lifetimes , and non @-@ official texts portray kings in a human light .
For these reasons , scholars disagree about how genuinely most Egyptians believed the king to be a god .
He may only have been considered divine when he was performing ceremonies .
These things were provided by the cults that the king oversaw , with their priests and laborers .
These acts were a part of the king 's fundamental role : maintaining maat .
The ba of a god was said to periodically leave the divine realm to dwell in the images of that god .
By inhabiting these images , the gods left their concealed state and took on a physical form .
Temple statues and reliefs , as well as particular sacred animals , like the Apis bull , served as divine intermediaries in this way .
Dreams and trances provided a very different venue for interaction .
In these states , it was believed , people could come close to the gods and sometimes receive messages from them .
Finally , according to Egyptian afterlife beliefs , human souls pass into the divine realm after death .
The Egyptians therefore believed that in death they would exist on the same level as the gods and fully understand their mysterious nature .
Temples , where the state rituals were carried out , were filled with images of the gods .
The most important temple image was the cult statue in the inner sanctuary .
Many temples had several sanctuaries , each with a cult statue representing one of the gods in a group such as a family triad .
The gods residing in the temples of Egypt collectively represented the entire pantheon .
People other than kings and high priests were thus denied contact with cult statues .
The only exception was during festival processions , when the statue was carried out of the temple but still enclosed in a portable shrine .
People did have less direct means of interaction .
Communities also built and managed small chapels for their own use , and some families had shrines inside their homes .
Despite the gulf that separated humanity from the divine , the Egyptians were surrounded by opportunities to approach their gods .
Egyptian gods were involved in human lives as well as in the overarching order of nature .
This divine influence applied mainly to Egypt , as foreign peoples were traditionally believed to be outside the divine order .
Thoth , as the overseer of time , was said to allot fixed lifespans to both humans and gods .
Deities were also believed to give commands , instructing the king in the governance of his realm and regulating the management of their temples .
Egyptian texts rarely mention direct commands given to private persons , and these commands never evolved into a set of divinely enforced moral codes .
Because deities were the upholders of maat , morality was connected with them .
A deity carried out this punishment using its ba , the force that manifested the god 's power in the human world .
Natural disasters and human ailments were seen as the work of angry divine bas .
Conversely , the gods could cure righteous people of illness or even extend their lifespans .
Egyptian texts take different views on whether the gods are responsible when humans suffer unjustly .
But some writings do accuse the deities of causing human misery , while others give theodicies in the gods ' defense .
Because of this human misbehavior , the creator is distant from his creation , allowing suffering to exist .
New Kingdom writings do not question the just nature of the gods as strongly as those of the Middle Kingdom .
They emphasize humans ' direct , personal relationships with deities and the gods ' power to intervene in human events .
People in this era put faith in specific gods who they hoped would help and protect them through their lives .
Official religion involved a variety of rituals , based in temples .
Festivals often involved a ceremonial procession in which a cult image was carried out of the temple in a barque @-@ shaped shrine .
These processions served various purposes .
Processions also traveled between temples , as when the image of Hathor from Dendera Temple visited her consort Horus at the Temple of Edfu .
Rituals for a god were often based in that deity 's mythology .
Such rituals were meant to be repetitions of the events of the mythic past , renewing the beneficial effects of the original events .
The returning greenery symbolized the renewal of the god 's own life .
Personal interaction with the gods took many forms .
People who wanted information or advice consulted oracles , run by temples , that were supposed to convey gods ' answers to questions .
Private rituals invoked the gods ' power to accomplish personal goals , from healing sickness to cursing enemies .
Such rituals coexisted with private offerings and prayers , and all three were accepted means of obtaining divine help .
Prayer and private offerings are generally called " personal piety " : acts that reflect a close relationship between an individual and a god .
Evidence of personal piety is scant before the New Kingdom .
Votive offerings and personal names , many of which are theophoric , suggest that commoners felt some connection between themselves and their gods .
But firm evidence of devotion to deities became visible only in the New Kingdom , reaching a peak late in that era .
Egyptians now expressed their devotion through a new variety of activities in and around temples .
They recorded their prayers and their thanks for divine help on stelae .
Occasionally , a person took a particular god as a patron , dedicating his or her property or labor to the god 's cult .
These practices continued into the latest periods of Egyptian history .
The Egyptian deities may not have had permanent temples in Canaan , and their importance there waned after Egypt lost control of the region .
In contrast , many temples to the major Egyptian gods and deified pharaohs were built in Nubia .
Some deities reached farther .
Under the Greek Ptolemaic Dynasty and then Roman rule , Greeks and Romans introduced their own deities to Egypt .
These newcomers equated the Egyptian gods with their own , as part of the Greco @-@ Roman tradition of interpretatio graeca .
But the worship of the native gods was not swallowed up by that of foreign ones .
Instead , Greek and Roman gods were adopted as manifestations of Egyptian ones .
Egyptian cults sometimes incorporated Greek language , philosophy , iconography , and even temple architecture .
Roman emperors , like Ptolemaic kings before them , invoked Isis and Serapis to endorse their authority , inside and outside Egypt .
Isis and Hermes Trismegistus were both prominent in the Western esoteric tradition that grew from the Roman religious world .
The last formal cults , at Philae , died out in the fifth or sixth century .
Most beliefs surrounding the gods themselves disappeared within a few hundred years , remaining in magical texts into the seventh and eighth centuries .
But many festivals and other traditions of modern Egyptians , both Christian and Muslim , resemble the worship of their ancestors ' gods .
South of Heaven is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer .
It was one of only two Def Jam titles to be distributed by Geffen Records through Warner Bros.
Records because of original distributor Columbia Records ' refusal to release work by the band .
In order to offset the pace of the group 's previous album , Slayer deliberately slowed down the album 's tempo .
In contrast to their previous albums , the band utilized undistorted guitars and toned @-@ down vocals .
The songs " Mandatory Suicide " and the title track , however , have become permanent features of the band 's live setlist .
South of Heaven was recorded in Los Angeles , California with Reign in Blood producer Rick Rubin .
Guitarist Kerry King cited the need to " keep people guessing " as another reason for the musical shift .
King has since been critical of his performance , which he describes as his " most lackluster .
I guess at that time , Kerry was hitting a dry spell .
He feels vocalist Tom Araya moved too far away from his regular vocal style , and " added too much singing .
And that 's me personally .
Again , I was probably wanting something else .
Judas Priest 's " Dissident Aggressor " is the only cover version to appear on a Slayer studio album .
The song was chosen due to its war @-@ themed lyrics .
I just fucking think it 's horrible .
It 's what we call a ' happy riff .
If we ever did a medley , I 'd put part of that in there .
When label co @-@ founders Russell Simmons and Rubin parted ways , Slayer signed to Rubin 's newly founded Def American Recordings label .
Slayer 's official biography states that " some critics praised the album as demonstrating Slayer 's desire to grow musically and avoid repeating themselves .
It was like fast double @-@ bass , fast kicks during the whole song .
That was very inspiring for me .
Kim Neely of Rolling Stone dismissed the album as " genuinely offensive satanic drivel .
The title track and the song " Mandatory Suicide " have received various cover interpretations , particularly on Slayer tribute albums .
They released a music video for it also .
Polish death metal band Decapitated covered the song " Mandatory Suicide " on their first full @-@ length album Winds of Creation .
There 's just so much groove in that song .
Listen to how groovy that is !
I don 't know .
We have some really cool albums , but I don 't think we 'll ever do that again .
And I just don 't like enough songs off South of Heaven .
Private flying is conducted for personal transport and recreation .
There are 28 @,@ 000 Private Pilot Licence holders , and 10 @,@ 000 certified glider pilots .
Some of the 19 @,@ 000 pilots who hold professional licences are also engaged in GA activities .
The main focus is on standards of airworthiness and pilot licensing , and the objective is to promote high standards of safety .
Airspace regulation necessary to protect an increasing number of CAT operations has reduced the area in which GA flights can be freely conducted .
Organisations in the United Kingdom ( UK ) describe GA in less restrictive terms that include elements of commercial aviation .
During World War II civil aerodromes were taken over for military use , existing military airfields were expanded , and new ones were built .
This resulted in a significant inventory of facilities becoming available after the war .
Pre @-@ war civil aerodromes , for example Sywell , were returned to civilian use .
Surplus military airfields were closed , and in some cases , for example Beccles , subsequently re @-@ opened as civil aerodromes .
Single piston @-@ engine aircraft are still the most common class of aircraft in the UK GA fleet .
Flights can be broadly categorised as public transport , aerial work , and private flying , the first two of which are commercial activities .
Commercial operations are remunerated activities which fall within the ICAO definition of CAT .
Some are , however , closely aligned to , and considered part of , the GA sector .
Aircraft used in these operations include business jets , helicopters , and twin piston @-@ engine aeroplanes carrying between six and ten people .
An example of this type of operation is the transport by helicopter of spectators to the British Formula One grand prix at Silverstone .
Flying schools are commercial businesses engaged in the training of pilots , both for recreational purposes and for those intending to fly professionally .
School @-@ owned aircraft account for a significant amount of GA activity , both in terms of hours flown and aircraft movements .
There is a strong vintage aircraft movement in the UK , with two @-@ thirds of the 500 registered historic aircraft active .
Competitive gliding in the UK takes place between May and September .
Races are handicapped according to glider performance , and normally take place over nine days .
Success in the regionals allows pilots to progress to the nationals , where there are five classes of competition .
Success at national level can lead to a place in the national team and competition at international level .
Aerobatic competitions take place for both powered aircraft and gliders , with up to 30 events each year in the UK and Ireland .
Each step up requires a wider repertoire of aerobatic figures and progressively more performance from the aircraft .
The factors used in determining how an individual aerodrome is categorised by the GASAR study are based broadly on size and facilities .
The six types of aerodrome are described , in size order , as : regional airports ( e.g.
East Midlands ) ; major GA airports ( e.g.
Oxford ) ; developed GA airfields ( e.g.
Andrewsfield ) ; basic GA airfields ( e.g.
Rufforth ) ; developed airstrips ( e.g.
Tilstock ) ; and basic airstrips ( e.g.
Chilbolton in Hampshire ) .
Airports generally have long , fully lit , hard @-@ surfaced runways , full air traffic control , and navigation and landing aids .
They are usually located on urban fringes , support commercial and business operations , and often exclude certain types of light aircraft .
At this level runways are generally shorter , and grass surfaces are increasingly common .
They do not feature on OS maps , and are owned by private clubs or , more commonly , individuals .
Most aerodromes used for public transport operations are required to be licensed by the CAA .
Aerodromes classified as developed GA airfields or larger by the GASAR study are , with few exceptions , licensed .
Only two basic GA airfields , Silverstone and Duxford , are licensed , and all airstrips are unlicensed .
A particular focus of this group was a review of the restrictions placed on unlicensed aerodromes .
There are an estimated 27 @,@ 000 civil aircraft registered in the UK , 96 per cent of which are engaged in GA activities .
Estimates put the number of foreign @-@ registered GA aircraft based in the UK at 900 .
The number of aerodromes that support GA in the UK is difficult to establish with certainty .
Lockyears Farm ' Strips ' and Private Airfields Flight Guide lists more than 300 landing sites .
It estimates another 759 informal sites known only to land owners , customs , and members of the enthusiast group Air @-@ Britain .
Nearly half of the economic contribution was generated by business aviation .
Most sectors of GA for which data are available have experienced growth in aircraft numbers and hours flown over the last two decades .
Recreational helicopter usage has grown primarily due to the introduction of smaller and cheaper aircraft .
Glider activity has remained relatively static , although there has been a gradual increase in the number of self @-@ launching motor gliders .
Business aviation has shown strong growth , although the numbers of aircraft on the UK register have declined .
The CAA acts as an agency of EASA on these issues , retaining its original regulatory powers in areas not yet transferred to EASA .
Within this framework certain sectors of GA are governed on a devolved basis .
The LAA is the primary regulator for amateur built aircraft , as well as vintage and classic aircraft .
Parachuting is governed by the British Parachute Association , although the aircraft used in this activity are generally CAA @-@ regulated .
Balloon and airship flying is overseen by the British Balloon and Airship Club .
The UK @-@ specific National Private Pilot Licence ( NPPL ) is administered by the National Pilots Licensing Group Ltd .
Separate from these devolved groups , gliding in the UK is self @-@ regulated .
Hang gliding and paragliding activities ( i.e.
Under CAA and EASA rules , all aircraft are required to meet certain standards of airworthiness to fly safely and legally .
Aircraft that meet these standards are issued with a Certificate of Airworthiness .
A number of organisations ( e.g.
Permits are typically issued to vintage and historic aircraft , amateur built aircraft , and microlights .
This makes aerodrome development difficult , often subjecting those that successfully negotiate the process to restrictions in use .
Airspace is shared by CAT , military and GA users .
Although GA flights can under certain conditions enter controlled airspace , they operate mainly outside of it .
Controlled airspace is essential for the provision of a known air traffic environment necessary for the safe operation of CAT .
Coupled with pilot navigation errors , hundreds of airspace infringements have been recorded every year .
There are particular problems for GA around large airports , where Class A controlled airspace extends to ground level .
Regional airports , such as Edinburgh Airport , have experienced strong growth in CAT operations in recent years .
GA aircraft are being subject to significant increases in charges , including the imposition of handling fees in some cases .
Some airports restrict or deny GA parking , and others limit or refuse certain GA activity .
The planning system is critical to the viability and operation of GA aerodromes .
Such restrictions , if poorly conceived , can make GA operations unviable or even unsafe .
Kriegsmarine ) , named for the Zrinski , a noble Croatian family .
She was the last ship of the class to be completed and had a crew of 880 to 890 officers and men .
She was powered by two @-@ shaft four @-@ cylinder vertical triple expansion engines rated at 19 @,@ 800 indicated horsepower .
The ship had a top speed of 20 @.@ 5 knots ( 38 @.@ 0 km / h ; 23 @.@ 6 mph ) .
This was augmented by a heavy secondary battery of eight 24 cm ( 9 @.@ 4 in ) guns in four wing turrets .
Furthermore , the ship 's boats were equipped with two 66 mm ( 2 @.@ 6 in ) landing guns for operations shore .
Three 45 cm ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes were also carried , one on each broadside and one in the stern .
After returning to Pola , the entire fleet mobilized for possible hostilities , as tensions flared in the Balkans .
Pressured by the international blockade , Serbia withdrew its army from Scutari , which was subsequently occupied by a joint Allied ground force .
The two German ships broke out of Messina , which was surrounded by the British navy and reached Turkey .
The flotilla had advanced as far south as Brindisi in southeastern Italy when news of the successful breakout reached Vienna .
The Austro @-@ Hungarian ships were then recalled before seeing action .
Their focus was on the important naval base at Ancona , and later the coast of Montenegro .
The attack on Ancona was an immense success , and the ships were unopposed during the operation .
On the shore , the infrastructure of the port of Ancona , as well as the surrounding towns , were severely damaged .
The railroad yard in Ancona , as well as the port facilities in the town , were damaged or destroyed .
The local shore batteries were also suppressed .
Additional targets that were damaged or destroyed included wharves , warehouses , oil tanks , radio stations , and the local barracks .
Sixty @-@ three Italians , both civilians and military personnel , were killed in the bombardment .
By the time Italian ships from Taranto and Brindisi arrived on the scene , the Austro @-@ Hungarians were safely back in Pola .
The surprise attack on Ancona succeeded in delaying the Italian deployment to the Alps for two weeks .
Aside from the attack on Ancona , the Austro @-@ Hungarian battleships were largely confined to Pola for the duration of the war .
This resulted in the Allied blockade of the Otranto Strait .
Hazlett , USN , assumed command .
The ship remained at anchor at Spalato for nearly a year while the negotiations that would determine her ultimate fate dragged on .
USS Chattanooga took her in tow and , assisted by Brooks and Hovey , towed the battleship to Italy .
Under the terms of the treaties of Versailles and St.
Geopyxis carbonaria is a species of fungus in the genus Geopyxis , family Pyronemataceae .
They have a short , tapered stalk .
Fruitbodies are commonly found on soil where brush has recently been burned , sometimes in great numbers .
The fungus is distributed throughout many temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
It is found in Europe , Turkey , and North America .
Figures of fungi from all parts of the world .
This taxon was synonymized with G.
The specific epithet carbonaria derives from the Latin word for " charcoal " .
The brownish flesh of the fungus is thin and brittle .
It does not have any distinctive taste , but has an unpleasant smell when crushed in water .
The edibility of the fungus is not known , but the fruitbodies are insubstantial and unlikely to be harvested for eating .
In mass , the spores are whitish .
They are thin walled and germinate and grow rapidly in vitro in the absence of external stimuli .
The hypothecium , the layer of cells below the hymenium , is made of densely packed , small irregular cells .
It may be distinguished microscopically by its paraphyses , which lack the orange @-@ brown granules characteristic of G.
Tarzetta cupularis , which grows habitats similar to G.
Other genera with similar species with which G.
Geopyxis carbonaria is widespread on burned soil or charcoal in the spring and throughout the growing season .
It is one of the most common pioneer species found on burned ground .
The charred litter on the forest floor increases the underlying soil pH as well as the availability of minerals .
Fruitbodies are produced from 16 to 139 weeks after a forest fire in areas with coniferous trees .
Most fruitbodies are produced in the first year after a burn .
The fungus prefers fruiting in microhabitats with thin postfire duff near standing burned tree trunks .
Geopyxis carbonaria fruitbodies are often found in the same post @-@ fire stands as morels , although the former is usually more abundant .
Because the pixie cup fruits earlier than morels , it may serve as an indicator of imminent morel fruiting .
Other cup fungi often found fruiting in the same area as G.
The fungus is found in Europe ( from where it was originally described ) , and is widespread throughout North America .
The North American distribution extends north to Alaska .
It had been demonstrated earlier in laboratory experiments that the fungus has a biotrophic interaction with lodgepole pine ( Pinus contorta ) .
These traits suggest that the fungus is a moderate pathogen , with limited ability to cause reductions in seed germination .
The formation of a rudimentary Hartig net , a characteristic of mycorrhizal fungi , indicated that G.
Large fruitings of the fungus are often associated with damage to the host tree , such as that which occurs with burning .
The coin had three types over its lifetime , all designed by Mint Chief Engraver James B.
The Type 1 issue had the smallest diameter of any United States coin ever minted .
In its early years , silver coins were being hoarded or exported , and the gold dollar found a ready place in commerce .
In its final years , it was struck in small numbers , causing speculation by hoarders .
It was also in demand to be mounted in jewelry .
Congress followed Hamilton 's recommendation only in part , authorizing a silver dollar , but no coin of that denomination in gold .
Additional one @-@ dollar pieces were struck by August Bechtler , Christopher 's son .
He was opposed by the Mint Director , Robert M.
Woodbury persuaded President Andrew Jackson to have pattern coins struck .
He told Treasury Secretary John C.
Nevertheless , Gobrecht 's successor as chief engraver , James B.
Longacre , prepared patterns , including some with a square hole in the middle .
McKay introduced a version into the House on February 20 ; debate began the same day .
Rockwell , a Whig , tried to table the bill , but his motion was defeated .
The officers at the Philadelphia Mint , including Chief Coiner Franklin Peale , were mostly the friends and relations of Director Patterson .
The outsider in their midst was Chief Engraver James B.
A former copper @-@ plate engraver , Longacre had been appointed through the political influence of South Carolina Senator John C.
Accordingly , when the gold coin bill became law , Longacre apprised Patterson that he was ready to begin work on the gold dollar .
The engraving was unusually minute and required very close and incessant labor for several weeks .
I made the original dies and hubs for making the working dies twice over , to secure their perfect adaptation to the coining machinery .
The result , I believe , was satisfactory .
Her hair is gathered in a bun ; she is surrounded by 13 stars representing the original states .
The reverse features the date and denomination within a wreath , with the name of the nation near the rim .
Contemporary reviews of the Type 1 design were generally favorable .
Oberon might have paid Puck with it for bringing the blossom which bewitched Titania .
Coin dealer and numismatic author Q.
A few coins in proof condition were struck on the first day , along with about 1 @,@ 000 for circulation .
The continued flow of gold from California made silver expensive in terms of gold , and U.S.
As such , it was struck in large numbers and widely circulated .
Patterson retired that year after 16 years in his position , and under his successor , George N.
Eckert , annular gold dollar and half dollar patterns were struck .
With the new Pierce administration , Thomas M.
Pettit replied , stating that none had been preserved , but enclosed a silver piece of equivalent size .
He noted that while there would be technical difficulties in the production of the annular dollar , these could be overcome .
Longacre adapted both the technique and the design for the gold dollar , which was made thinner , and thus wider .
Many of the Type 2 pieces quickly became illegible , and were sent back to Philadelphia for melting and recoinage .
On most surviving specimens , the " 85 " in the date is not fully detailed .
Roughly a hundred are known of the last , creating one of the great rarities from Dahlonega in the series .
Under orders from Governor Joseph E.
Brown , state militia secured the mint , and at some point , small quantities of dollars and half eagles were produced .
Records of how many coins were struck and when have not survived .
Gold coins with a face value of $ 6 were put aside for assay .
The outbreak of the Civil War shook public confidence in the Union , and citizens began hoarding specie , gold and silver coins .
Collecting coins was becoming more popular , and a number of numismatists put aside some gold dollars and hoped for increases in value .
Banks charged a premium for circulation strikes .
They were popular in the jewelry trade , mounted into various items .
The coins were often exported to China or Japan , where such jewelry was made .
The dollars were often damaged in the process ; the Mint refused to sell into this trade and did its best to hinder it .
Nevertheless , Mint officials concluded that jewelers were successful at getting the majority of each issue .
Another use for the gold dollar was as a holiday gift ; after its abolition the quarter eagle became a popular present .
Later that year , the new director , Edward O.
Leech , issued a report stating that the gold dollar " is too small for circulation , and ...
As coin collecting became a widespread pastime in the early 20th century , gold dollars became a popular specialty , a status they retain .
The gold dollar had a brief resurrection during the period of Early United States commemorative coins .
These were minted for various public events , did not circulate , and none used Longacre 's design .
William Johnson and developed significantly by E.
Corey and Michael Chaykovsky .
The reaction is diastereoselective favoring trans substitution in the product regardless of the initial stereochemistry .
The synthesis of epoxides via this method serves as an important retrosynthetic alternative to the traditional epoxidation reactions of olefins .
Additionally detailed below are the history , mechanism , scope , and enantioselective variants of the reaction .
Several reviews have been published .
The original publication by Johnson concerned the reaction of 9 @-@ dimethylsulfonium fluorenylide with substituted benzaldehyde derivatives .
A negative charge is transferred to the heteroatom and because the sulfonium cation is a good leaving group it gets expelled forming the ring .
The trans diastereoselectivity observed results from the reversibility of the initial addition , allowing equilibration to the favored anti betaine over the syn betaine .
Stability of the substrate with higher stability leading to greater reversibility by favoring the starting material over the betaine .
Stability of the ylide with higher stability similarly leading to greater reversibility .
The reaction has come to encompass reactions of many types of sulfur ylides with electrophiles well beyond the original publications .
Many types of ylides can be prepared with various functional groups both on the anionic carbon center and on the sulfur .
The substitution pattern can influence the ease of preparation for the reagents ( typically from the sulfonium halide , e.g.
The general format for the reagent is shown on the right .
Use of a sulfoxonium allows more facile preparation of the reagent using weaker bases as compared to sulfonium ylides .
The vast majority of reagents are monosubstituted at the ylide carbon ( either R1 or R2 as hydrogen ) .
These , similarly to sulfoxonium reagents , react much slower and are typically easier to prepare .
For these , the related Darzens reaction is typically more appropriate .
If the ylide carbon is substituted with an aryl or allyl group , the reagent is referred to as a semi @-@ stabilized ylide .
These have been developed extensively , second only to the classical methylene reagents ( R1 = R2 = H ) .
The substitution pattern on aryl reagents can heavily influence the selectivity of the reaction as per the criteria above .
If the ylide carbon is substituted with an alkyl group the reagent is referred to as an unstabilized ylide .
The size of the alkyl groups are the major factors in selectivity with these reagents .
The size of the groups can also influence diastereoselectivity in alicyclic substrates .
Examples involving complex substrates and ' exotic ' ylides have been reported , as shown below .
Though less widely applied , the reaction has a similar substrate scope and functional group tolerance to the carbonyl equivalent .
For addition of sulfur ylides to enones , higher 1 @,@ 4 @-@ selectivity is typically obtained with sulfoxonium reagents than with sulfonium reagents .
With further conjugated systems 1 @,@ 6 @-@ addition tends to predominate over 1 @,@ 4 @-@ addition .
With epoxides and aziridines the reaction serves as a ring @-@ expansion to produce the corresponding oxetane or azetidine .
The long reaction times required for these reactions prevent them from occurring as significant side reactions when synthesizing epoxides and aziridines .
Several cycloadditions wherein the ylide serves as a " nucleophilic carbenoid equivalent " have been reported .
The development of an enantioselective ( i.e.
Chiral sulfides , on the other hand , are more costly to prepare , spurring the advancement of catalytic enantioselective methods .
The most successful reagents employed in a stoichiometric fashion are shown below .
The other major reagent is a camphor @-@ derived reagent developed by Varinder Aggarwal of the University of Bristol .
Both enantiomers are easily synthesized , although the yields are lower than for the oxathiane reagent .
The ylide conformation is determined by interaction with the bridgehead hydrogens and approach of the aldehyde is blocked by the camphor moiety .
The reaction employs a phosphazene base to promote formation of the ylide .
Catalytic reagents have been less successful , with most variations suffering from poor yield , poor enantioselectivity , or both .
There are also issues with substrate scope , most having limitations with methylene transfer and aliphatic aldehydes .
Since the factors underlying these desiderata are at odds , tuning of the catalyst properties has proven difficult .
Aggarwal has developed an alternative method employing the same sulfide as above and a novel alkylation involving a rhodium carbenoid formed in situ .
The method too has limited substrate scope , failing for any electrophiles possessing basic substituents due to competitive consumption of the carbenoid .
Those who had suffered losses due to the revolution would be the indemnified , and there would be a general amnesty .
Significantly , the treaty did not mention or institute any social reforms that Madero had vaguely promised on previous occasions .
It also left the Porfirian state essentially intact .
Madero 's earlier vague promises of agrarian reforms had attracted many supporters .
This manifesto called for an armed uprising against the Porfiriato and establishment of free and democratic elections .
Orozco and Villa led the way with 500 men each , while Madero followed up with 1 @,@ 500 riders .
The city was besieged by the end of the month , after Madero 's army encountered some resistance in the Chihuahuan countryside .
He in fact ordered his commanders to lift the siege .
Orozco , however disregarded the order and , joined by Villa , attacked .
After two days of fighting the city fell to the insurrectionists .
Madero intervened personally to spare the life of the city 's commander , Gen.
Navarro , whom both Orozco and Villa wanted executed for his previous killing of rebel POWs .
This , coupled with the fact that both leaders were ignored by Madero in his political appointments , outraged and estranged them from him .
On April 14 , Madero had Emiliano Zapata officially designated as his representative in the region .
Zapata 's first military action was to take the town of Chinameca where he obtained essential supplies .
Subsequently Zapata , for political and strategic reasons , decided to attack the city of Cuautla .
From there he made a wide circle around Cuautla and captured Yautepec and Jonacatepec where he gathered more supplies , munitions and soldiers .
It consisted of house to house fighting , hand @-@ to @-@ hand combat , and no quarter given by either side .
The successful capture of Cuautla made Zapata a hero to ordinary people throughout Mexico and new corridos were written about him .
After Zapata 's taking of Cuautla , the federal government controlled only five states and some urban areas .
Some among the Porfiristas in fact , expected that Zapata would soon march on Mexico City itself , unless peace was concluded with Madero .
Limantour had finally managed to persuade him to resign .
At the same time there was also disagreement among the rebels .
An amnesty for all revolutionaries be declared , with the option for some of them to apply for membership in the rurales .
The revolutionary forces were to be demobilized as soon as possible and the federal forces were to be the only army in Mexico .
This was in order to appease the army , which had opposed a compromise with Madero .
Madero and his supporters had the right to name fourteen provisional state governors , and to approve la Barra 's cabinet .
Pensions were to be established for relatives of the soldiers who had died fighting the rebels .
The treaty was signed on May 21 .
Francisco de la Barra became the interim president .
Madero entered Mexico City on June 7 .
Zapata however refused to recognize the interim government of de la Barra , and for the time being the fighting in Morelos continued .
Madero met with Zapata on several occasions during June .
While initially Zapata trusted Madero , with time he became increasingly concerned that the goals of " his revolution " were not being fulfilled .
He was particularly angry that Madero did not plan on carrying out any kind of agrarian reform , or the breakup of large hacendias .
Sporadic fighting in southern Mexico continued .
Madero also earned the great displeasure of other revolutionaries , including , Pascual Orozco .
As a result of the treaty he was given the right to appoint members of the la Barra cabinet .
He chose mostly upper class Maderistas , including his wife for the post in the treasury .
When , in the aftermath of the Plan of Ayala , Madero ordered Orozco to lead federal troops to suppress Zapata , Orozco refused .
The novel follows three interwoven storylines .
Each aspect of the book 's plot reveals a different viewpoint on the Dominican Republic 's political and social environment , past and present .
The novel is therefore a kaleidoscopic portrait of dictatorial power , including its psychological effects , and its long @-@ term impact .
In Vargas Llosa 's words , " It 's a novel , not a history book , so I took many , many liberties .
The novel 's narrative is divided into three distinct strands .
In the following decades , she becomes a prominent and successful New York lawyer .
Each assassin has his own background story , explaining his motivation for his involvement in the assassination plot .
Kennedy , and Cuba under Castro .
Vargas Llosa also speculates upon Trujillo 's innermost thoughts and paints a picture of a man whose physical body is failing him .
He is unable to achieve an erection with Urania , and in frustration and anger he rapes her with his hands .
This event is the core of Urania 's shame , and her hatred towards her father .
In the novel 's final chapters , the three storylines intersect with increasing frequency .
The book ends as Urania prepares to return home , determined this time to keep in touch with her family back on the island .
Trujillo 's character struggles with aging and the physical problems of incontinence and impotence .
Trujillo 's son , Ramfis Trujillo , is a loyal supporter of the Chief .
After unsuccessful attempts at schooling in the United States , Ramfis returns to the Dominican Republic to serve in his father 's military .
He is a well @-@ known womanizer .
It is Balaguer who guides much of the action in the last sections of the book .
The storyline concerning the assassination primarily follows the four conspirators who directly participate in Trujillo 's death .
Antonio Imbert Barrera is one of the few conspirators who survives the violent reprisals that follow Trujillo 's assassination .
Imbert is a politician who becomes disillusioned with the deception and cruelty of the Trujillo regime .
His first plan to kill Trujillo was foiled by the unsuccessful attempted overthrow of the regime by Cuban paramilitary forces .
Now convinced of the difficulty of his task , Imbert joins the other conspirators in plotting Trujillo 's death .
Among the others is Antonio de la Maza , one of Trujillo 's personal guards .
Antonio 's brother is killed as part of a government cover @-@ up and Antonio swears revenge upon Trujillo .
Turk eventually turns himself in for fear that the regime was torturing his family .
Both Turk and his innocent brother are then tortured for months .
His father remains loyal to Trujillo and disowns Turk to his face .
Despite all of this , Turk refuses to commit suicide and does not lose faith in God .
He is later executed by Ramfis and other high level government men .
Amadito 's disgust with himself and disillusionment with the regime lead to his decision to help to kill Trujillo .
Following the assassination he hides out with de la Maza and dies fighting .
The Feast of the Goat 's major themes include political corruption , machismo , memory , and writing and power .
The structure of Dominican society was hierarchical , with strongly gendered roles .
Rafael Trujillo , the ruler , was a cruel dictator who haunts the people of Santo Domingo even 35 years after his death .
He is a true caudillo , ruling with brutality and corruption .
He creates a personality cult in his capitalist society and encourages decadence within his regime .
Prior to promotion to a position of responsibility , an officer is required to pass a " test of loyalty " .
Even the church and military institutions are employed to give women to the tyrant for pleasure .
And now they 're killing our women .
And here we sit , resigned , waiting our turn .
According to literary scholar Peter Anthony Niessa , the two important components of machismo are aggressive behaviour and hyper @-@ sexuality .
These two components shape the portrayal of Trujillo and his regime in The Feast of the Goat .
He wanted to know if they were ready to accept this extreme humiliation .
In Niessa 's words , " The implication is that maximum virility equals political dominance .
All of the novel 's storylines concern memory in some sense or another .
Memory is also important in the sections of the novel that deal with the assassins .
Each recalls the events that led him to take part in the assassination of Trujillo .
These historical events are used by Vargas Llosa to connect the assassins with specific moments that demonstrate the violence of Trujillo 's regime .
But above all Mario Vargas Llosa uses the fictional Urania to facilitate the novel 's attempt at remembering the regime .
Mario Vargas Llosa takes part in this discourse by recounting what was prohibited .
Ruiz notes that writing also has the power to transform reality .
It brings the reader back to the past , allowing the reader to comprehend myths or distorted stories told by historians .
The construction of fictions surrounding the events of Trujillo 's regime allow a degree of freedom from the horrors that took places .
Vargas Llosa 's writing acts as a cathartic force for this period in history .
The novel is a combination of fact and fiction .
Some characters are fictional , and those that are non @-@ fictional still have fictionalized aspects in the book .
The general details of the assassination are true , and the assassins are all real people .
However , other details are invented by Vargas Llosa , such as Amadito 's murder of the brother of the woman he loved .
Those within the regime are also a mix of fictional characters and real people .
President Balaguer is real , but the entire Cabral family is completely fictional .
Vargas Llosa also fictionalized the internal thoughts of the characters who were non @-@ fictional , especially those of the Goat himself .
Vargas Llosa also built an image of the regime with the troubled historical events .
The novel received largely positive reviews , most of which were willing to accept sacrifices of historical accuracy in favour of good storytelling .
A common comment on the novel is the graphic nature of the many acts of torture and murder which are depicted in the novel .
Similarly , Kirn implies that the " narrative machinery " mentioned by Wood as being somewhat unwieldy also produces a largely superfluous storyline .
In contrast , Kirn 's review states that Urania 's segments are " talky and atmospheric ...
Most reviews of The Feast of the Goat make either indirect of direct reference to the relationship between sexuality and power .
The Death of the Goat , accused Vargas @-@ Llosa of plagiarism .
It was filmed in both the Dominican Republic and in Spain .
A feature of the novel 's stage version is that the same actor plays both Agustin Cabral and Rafael Trujillo .
For reviewer Bruce Weber , this makes the point " that Trujillo 's control of the nation depended on gutless collaborators " .
Posted as a bomber pilot to No.
Two years later he joined the RAAF , serving initially as an instructor at No.
He took command of No.
He is commemorated by several memorials in the Northern Territory .
He was commissioned in August and was awarded his wings in October .
Ranked lieutenant , he served with No.
On 29 June , he was shot down behind enemy lines and captured in the vicinity of Nieppe .
He later effected another escape and succeeded in rejoining his squadron in the final days of the war .
Eaton remained in the RAF following the cessation of hostilities .
He married Beatrice Godfrey in St.
Eaton was sent to India in December to undertake aerial survey work , including the first such survey of the Himalayas .
He was posted to No.
The Air Board described the RAAF 's search as taking 240 hours flying time " under the most trying conditions ...
The next month , he was ordered to search for W.L.
Hamre , who had disappeared in the biplane Golden Quest 2 while attempting to discover Lasseter 's Reef .
The media called him the " ' Knight Errant ' of the desert skies " .
When Douglas stood up to do so , the spin stopped , apparently due to his torso changing the airflow over the tail plane .
Eaton then managed to land the aeroplane , he and his passenger both badly shaken by the experience .
Wearing civilian clothes , he and his companion were arrested and held for three days by local authorities in Koepang , Dutch Timor .
Eaton was appointed commanding officer ( CO ) of No.
The next month they flew an Avro Anson on an inspection tour of Darwin , Northern Territory , site of the proposed base .
Jones had by now moved on to another posting but Eaton took up the squadron 's command as planned .
An advance party of thirty NCOs and airmen under Hocking began moving to Darwin on 1 July .
Morale , though , was high .
On 31 August , No.
A fifth Wirraway in the flight crashed on landing at Darwin , killing both crewmen .
Once war was declared , Darwin began to receive more attention from military planners .
Eaton was appointed CO of the base , gaining promotion to temporary group captain in September .
Soon after the establishment of Headquarters RAAF Station Darwin , Minister for Air James Fairbairn visited the base .
As senior air commander in the region , Eaton sat on the Darwin Defence Co @-@ ordination Committee .
He was occasionally at loggerheads with his naval counterpart , Captain E.P.
Handing over command of Darwin to Group Captain Frederick Scherger in October , Eaton took charge of No.
Eaton became CO of No.
Twelve months later in Townsville , Queensland , he formed No.
He developed a good relationship with his Dutch personnel , who called him " Oom Charles " ( Uncle Charles ) .
On the day of the Allied landings , 22 April , the Mitchells and Beaufighters made a daylight raid on Dili , Portuguese Timor .
The ground assault met little opposition , credited in part to the air bombardment in the days leading up to it .
Completing his tour with No.
The same month , he became Australian consul in Dili .
He had seen an advertisement for the position and was the only applicant with experience of the area .
Following a ceasefire , the United Nations set up a commission , chaired by Eaton as Consul @-@ General , to monitor progress .
Eaton and his fellow commissioners believed that the ceasefire was serving the Dutch as a cover for further penetration of republican enclaves .
They later moved to Frankston , where Eaton was involved in promotional work .
Survived by his wife and two sons , he was cremated .
He is also honoured with a display at the Northern Territory Parliament , and a National Trust memorial at Tennant Creek Airport .
Fey broke into comedy as a featured player in the Chicago @-@ based improvisational comedy group The Second City .
In the series , Fey portrays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series .
Her recent films include Sisters and Whiskey Tango Foxtrot .
The duo hosted again the following two years , generating the highest ratings for the annual ceremony in a decade and receiving similar acclaim .
She has a brother , Peter , who is eight years older .
At age 11 , Fey read Joe Franklin 's Seventy Years of Great Film Comedians for a school project about comedy .
She grew up watching Second City Television , and has cited Catherine O 'Hara as a role model .
Fey attended Cardington @-@ Stonehurst Elementary School and Beverly Hills Middle School in Upper Darby .
By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy .
She also anonymously wrote the newspaper 's satirical column , The Colonel .
After college , she worked as a receptionist during the day at the Evanston YMCA and took classes at Second City at night .
She was hired as a writer for SNL following a meeting with SNL creator Lorne Michaels , and moved to New York from Chicago .
Her first sketch to air starred Chris Farley in a Sally Jessy Raphael satire .
Fey went on to write a series of parodies , including one of ABC 's morning talk show The View .
She co @-@ wrote the " Sully and Denise " sketches with Rachel Dratch , who plays one of the teens .
After I lost weight , there was interest in putting me on camera .
She became SNL 's first female head writer that year .
Fey said she did not ask to audition , but that Michaels approached her .
Michaels explained that there was chemistry between Fey and Fallon , though the decision was " kind of risky " at the time .
Her role in Weekend Update was well received by critics .
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly wrote : " ...
Fey might be the best Weekend Update anchor who ever did it .
She writes the funniest jokes " .
Robert Bianco of USA Today , however , commented that he was " not enamored " of the pairing .
It was the first time that two women co @-@ anchored Weekend Update .
Fey revealed that she " hired " Poehler as her co @-@ host for the segment .
The pilot was reworked to revolve around an SNL style series , and was accepted by NBC .
As part of the contract , Fey was to develop a prime @-@ time project to be produced by Broadway Video and NBC Universal .
Although the episode received generally favorable reviews , it finished third in its timeslot .
The premiere episode drew 8 @.@ 5 million viewers , the highest ratings of the series .
The series stars Ellie Kemper as the titular character who escapes from a doomsday cult and moves to New York .
Although it was originally produced for NBC , it was eventually sold to Netflix and immediately renewed for a second season .
The cast includes other past cast members of SNL including Tim Meadows , Ana Gasteyer , and Amy Poehler .
The film received favorable reviews , and was a box office success , grossing US $ 129 million worldwide .
The movie was written and directed by Michael McCullers .
Baby Mama received mixed reviews , but critics enjoyed Fey 's performance .
Todd McCarthy of Variety wrote : " Fey is a delight to watch throughout .
With a total worldwide gross of US $ 321 million , Megamind is Fey 's most commercially successful picture to date .
It earned US $ 173 million outside the U.S.
The film was directed by Paul Weitz .
For this appearance , she was nominated for an Emmy in the category of Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program .
Their repartee included Clinton needling Palin about her " Tina Fey glasses " .
The sketch quickly became NBC 's most @-@ watched viral video ever , with 5 @.@ 7 million views by the following Wednesday .
The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her impersonation of Palin .
The production was well received by critics .
He concluded that the production " isn 't about two women being funny ...
Dratch and Fey are just funny .
Fey has appeared as Tinker Bell in Disney 's campaign " Year of a Million Dreams " .
She has also done commercials for American Express and Garnier Nutrisse .
She introduced stories of women and girls from around the world , and also shared memories of her own girlhood and mother .
Glover is a former writer on 30 Rock , on which he worked with Fey .
Fey was also featured as herself in the iCarly episode " iShock America " .
It always comes from a place of intelligence and there is just an edge to it .
It 's strong and confident and you recognise the voice and most of the time you agree with it .
The New York Times film critic A.
This time , she gets to be the train wreck .
She repeated the appearance the following year , being voted as number one on the list .
Fey 's charity work includes support of Autism Speaks , an organization that sponsors autism research .
Fey is also a supporter of Mercy Corps , a global relief and development organization , in their campaign to end world hunger .
WASP @-@ 44 is a G @-@ type star in constellation Cetus that has the Jupiter @-@ size planet WASP @-@ 44b in orbit .
Observations of the star revealed a periodic decrease in its brightness .
From the spectra , radial velocity measurements were extrapolated .
One transit was detected .
WASP @-@ 44 has a mass that is 0 @.@ 951 times that of the Sun .
In terms of size , WASP @-@ 44 has a radius that is 0 @.@ 927 times that of the Sun .
However , the star is metal @-@ rich with relation to the Sun .
WASP @-@ 44 's chromosphere ( outermost layer ) is not active .
The star also does not rotate at a high velocity .
The star has an apparent magnitude of 12 @.@ 9 .
It cannot be seen from Earth with the naked eye .
There is one known planet in the orbit of WASP @-@ 44 : WASP @-@ 44b .
The planet is a Hot Jupiter with a mass of 0 @.@ 889 Jupiters .
Its radius is 1 @.@ 14 times that of Jupiter .
WASPA @-@ 44b 's orbital eccentricity is fit to 0 @.@ 036 , indicating a mostly circular orbit .
The Hindu caves contain rock cut stone sculptures , representing the Shaiva Hindu sect , dedicated to the Lord Shiva .
The caves are hewn from solid basalt rock .
All the caves were also originally painted in the past , but now only traces remain .
It is currently maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) .
Gharapuri is small village on the south side of the island .
The cave is closed on Monday .
A deep ravine cuts through the heart of the island from north to south .
This hill is known as the Stupa hill .
Forest growth with clusters of mango , tamarind , and karanj trees cover the hills with scattered palm trees .
Rice fields are seen in the valley .
The fore shore is made up of sand and mud with mangrove bushes on the fringe .
One of the caves on the eastern hill is unfinished .
Since no inscriptions on any of the island have been discovered , the ancient history of the island is conjectural , at best .
Local tradition holds that the caves are not man @-@ made .
The Elephanta caves are " of unknown date and attribution " .
Art historians have dated the caves in the range of late 5th to late 8th century AD .
Archaeological excavations have unearthed a few Kshatrapa coins dated to 4th century AD .
Elephanta was then called Puri or Purika , and served as the capital of the Konkan Mauryas .
The Rashtrakutas are the last claimants to the creation of the main cave , approximated to the early 7th to late 8th century .
The Elephanta Shiva cave resembles in some aspects the 8th @-@ century Rashtrakuta rock @-@ temple Kailash at Ellora .
The Nataraja and Ardhanarishvara sculptures are also attributed to the Rashtrakutas .
By then , Elephanta was called Gharapuri , which denotes a hill settlement .
The name is still used in the local Marathi language .
The elephant now sits in the Jijamata Udyaan zoo in Mumbai .
The Portuguese did considerable damage to the sanctuaries .
Portuguese soldiers used the reliefs of Shiva in the main cave for target practice , sparing only the Trimurti sculpture .
They also removed an inscription related to the creation of the caves .
This marriage shifted possession of the islands to the British Empire , as part of Catherine 's dowry to Charles .
The island has two groups of caves in the rock @-@ cut architectural style .
All caves were painted in the past , but only traces remain .
It is 39 metres ( 128 ft ) deep from the front entrance to the back .
The temple complex is the abode of Shiva , depicted in widely celebrated carvings which reveal his several forms and acts .
On the eastern part of the island , on the Stupa Hill , there is a small group of caves that house Buddhist monuments .
This hill is named after the religious Stupa monument that they display .
One of the two caves is incomplete , while the other contains a Stupa made in brick .
At the entrance are four doors , with three open porticoes and an aisle at the back .
Pillars , six in each row , divide the hall into a series of smaller chambers .
The roof of the hall has concealed beams supported by stone columns joined together by capitals .
The left panel depicts Yogishvara ( The Lord of Yoga ) and the right shows Nataraja ( Shiva as the Lord of Dance ) .
Smaller shrines are located at the east and west ends of the caves .
The eastern sanctuary serves as a ceremonial entrance .
Each wall has large carvings of Shiva , each more than 5 metres ( 16 ft ) in height .
The carving on the south wall to the east of the portico depicts Shiva and Parvati seated on their abode Mount Kailash .
Parvati , dressed in her finery with her hair falling to the front , looks away .
Behind her at the right is a woman attendant holding the child , identified with her son Kartikeya , the war @-@ god .
Many male and female attendants are seen behind the main figures .
Shiva 's attendant , the skeleton @-@ like Bhringi , is seated at his feet .
The scenic beauty of the mountain is sculpted with the sky background amidst heavenly beings showering flowers on Shiva @-@ Parvati .
This scene is interpreted as a gambling scene , where Parvati is angry as Shiva cheats in a game of dice .
The carved panel facing this one is a two @-@ level depiction of Ravana lifting Kailash .
The upper scene is Mount Kailash , where Shiva and Parvati are seated .
The eight @-@ armed , three @-@ eyed Shiva wears headgear with a crescent and disc behind it .
Most of his arms are broken , two of them resting on attendants ' heads .
The Parvati figure , seated facing Shiva , remains only as a trunk .
The panel is flanked by door keepers .
Attendants of Shiva are also seen in the relief but mostly in a damaged state .
Bhringi is seated near Shiva 's feet and to his left is the elephant @-@ headed son of Shiva , Ganesha .
Around Ravana are several demons .
A legend relates to both these panels .
Once , Parvati was annoyed with Shiva .
At this moment , Ravana , who was passing by Mount Kailash , found it as an obstruction to his movement .
Upset , Ravana shook it vigorously and as a result , Parvati got scared and hugged Shiva .
Another version states that Shiva was pleased with Ravana for restoring Parvati 's composure and blessed him .
It is also known as Trimurti Sadashiva and Maheshmurti .
The image , 6 m ( 20 ft ) in height , depicts a three @-@ headed Shiva , representing Panchamukha Shiva .
The three heads are said to represent three essential aspects of Shiva : creation , protection , and destruction .
The right half @-@ face ( west face ) shows him as a young person with sensuous lips , embodying life and its vitality .
In his hand he holds an object resembling a rosebud , depicting the promise of life and creativity .
The left half @-@ face ( east face ) is that of a moustached young man , displaying anger .
This is also known as Rudra @-@ Shiva , the Destroyer .
The central face , benign and meditative , resembles the preserver Vishnu .
The aspects Sadyojata and Ishana ( not carved ) faces are considered to be at the back and top of the sculpture .
The carving is 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide and 5 @.@ 207 m ( 17 @.@ 08 ft ) high .
Shiva is sculpted and bedecked with ornaments .
The arms hold a coiling serpent whose hood is seen above his left shoulder .
Another hand ( partly broken ) gives the semblance of Shiva hugging Parvati , with a head of matted hair .
There is a small snake on the right hand and a tortoise close to the neck , with a bundle tied to the back .
An ornamented drapery covers his lower torso , below the waist .
There are many divinities and attendant females at the back .
In the chamber to the east of the Trimurti is the four @-@ armed Ardhanarishvara carving .
The front left hand is broken but conjectured as holding the robe of the goddess .
The central figure is surrounded by divinities .
In the carved panel Shiva 's consort is seen sitting next to him , looking terrified .
A female attendant is next to her .
His headgear has a ruff on the back , a skull and cobra over the forehead , and the crescent high on the right .
His facial expression is of intense anger discerned from his furrowed brow , swollen eyes , and tusks .
The legs and five of the eight arms are broken , attributed to Portuguese vandalism .
The smaller broken image Andhaka is seen below Bhairava 's image .
It is interpreted that Shiva is spearing him with the front right hand , as conjectured by the spear seen hanging without any hold .
The second left hand depicts a snake coiled round it .
The hand holds a bowl to collect the blood dripping from the slain Andhaka .
Parvati is seen standing to Shiva 's right , the ordained place for a Hindu bride at the wedding .
The carvings are substantially damaged ; only one of Shiva 's four hands is fully seen and the right leg is missing .
Shiva has a headdress with a shining disc attached to it .
His garments are well @-@ draped , and well @-@ tied at the waist .
The sacred thread is seen across his chest .
She is seen with a coy expression and is led by her father who has his right hand on her shoulder .
Brahma is sitting as the officiating priest for the marriage .
Vishnu is witness to the marriage .
Mena , the mother of Parvati , is seen standing next to Vishnu .
The panel to the east of the north portico is Shiva in a Yogic position called Yogisvara , Mahayogi , Dharmaraja and Lakulish .
Resembling a Buddha , Shiva is in a dilapidated condition with only two broken arms .
His face is calm in mediation , his eyes half @-@ closed .
He is surrounded by divinities in the sky and attendants below .
Also seen is a plantain with three leaves already open and one opening , as well as a sunflower blossom .
These are flanked by two attendants .
The panel carving in the west niche opposite Yogishvara depicts Shiva as Nataraja performing the Tandava ( cosmic dance ) .
He wears well @-@ decorated headgear .
The Shiva image displays a dance pose and had ten arms , but the first right and third left hands are missing .
The left arms , seen hanging , are damaged near the wrists .
The third hand is bent ( but broken ) towards Parvati standing on the side and the fourth hand is raised up .
A tall figurine of Parvati stands to the left of Shiva , which is also seen partly broken but well bejewelled .
An airborne female figure is seen behind Parvati .
The central shrine is a free @-@ standing square cell , with entrances on each of its sides .
Each door is flanked by two dvarapalas ( gate keepers ) .
Six steps lead to this level from the floor level .
All are in a damaged condition except those at the southern door to the shrine .
A temple on the southern wall of the court depicts a well @-@ preserved fresco .
The portico has chambers at each end and a Linga @-@ shrine at the back .
At the north end is a standing figure holding a trident .
His left hand rests on a defaced demon @-@ figure .
The west wall depicts the Ashta @-@ Matrikas ( eight mother goddesses ) , flanked by Kartikeya and Ganesha , the sons of Shiva .
At the east end of the portico is another chapel with a plain interior and sunken floor .
Water drips in this chapel .
The west wing , entered through the main cave , is in a semi @-@ ruined state .
It has a small chapel and a cistern enclosed within the pillared cave , which is believed to be Buddhist .
This carving also depicts a three @-@ faced bearded Bramha and several other figurines .
Entering through the back door of the portico is a cave enshrined with a multifaceted Shiva Linga erected over roughly hewn salunkhs .
At the door entrance on both flanks , statues of gatekeepers standing over demons and two fat , poised figures are seen .
On the southern side of the door is an ensemble of a number of statues .
Prominent among these is the Shiva carving , which is depicted with six arms and the third eye in the forehead .
Next to this image are a figure under a plantain tree and a Shiva image ( Yogishvara ) seated on a lotus .
To the south @-@ east of the Great Cave is the second excavation , which faces east @-@ northeast .
It includes a chapel at the north end .
The front of this cave is completely destroyed ; only fragments of some semi @-@ columns remain .
The interior has suffered water damage .
The portico is 26 m ( 85 ft ) long and 11 m ( 36 ft ) deep .
The chapel is supported by eight eight @-@ cornered columns and two demi @-@ columns and is irregular in shape .
The door @-@ keepers of the shrine are now in fragments .
A little to the south of the last cave is another cave in worse condition , with water damage .
It is a portico in which each end probably had a chapel or room with pillars in front .
Two of them have cells at the back .
The central door at the back of the portico leads to a damaged shrine .
South of this cave is a cavern that may be used as a cistern .
Above these caves is a tiger sculpture , which was worshipped as the tiger goddess Vaghesheri .
This sculpture may be a guardian of the north entrance of Cave 1 .
A Linga is also found near a small pond at top of the hill .
Sculptures depicting a stone with a sun and a moon and a mother suckling a child ( now moved ) were also found nearby .
Across the top of the ravine from Cave 1 is large hall known as Sitabai 's Temple ( cave ) .
The portico has four pillars and two pilasters .
The door of the central shrine has pilasters and a frieze , with the threshold having lion figures at the end .
Towards the east of hill is a dry pond , with large artificial boulders and Buddhist cisterns along its banks .
At the end of the north spur of the main hill is a mound that resembles a Buddhist stupa .
An on @-@ site museum has been established and a conservation plan has been put in place .
Overall , conservation of the property is stated to be good .
The site receives approximately 25 @,@ 000 visitors per month .
Public information brochures are also available at the venue of the monuments .
Another popular event organised is an annual traditional dance festival that attracts many visitors .
A part of the grant was used for conservation of the caves .
After a two @-@ year hiatus , he began recording again , and soon announced the formation of the Devin Townsend Project .
Across all his bands and projects , Townsend has released twenty @-@ three studio albums and three live albums .
His versatile vocal delivery ranges from screaming to an opera @-@ esque singing , and his songwriting is similarly diverse .
Townsend 's musical style is rooted in metal , and his albums are written to express different aspects of his personality .
Townsend picked up the banjo when he was five , and began playing guitar when he was 12 .
He participated in several metal bands while he was in high school , and founded Grey Skies at the age of 19 .
Townsend recorded a Noisescapes demo and sent copies to various record labels .
Relativity Records responded to Townsend with a record deal and Townsend began work on what was to be the first Noisescapes album , Promise .
Shortly afterward , the label introduced him to musician Steve Vai .
Impressed with Townsend 's vocal work , Vai offered him the role of the lead vocalist on his new album Sex and Religion .
After recording Sex and Religion , Townsend accompanied Vai on a world tour in support of the album .
Townsend soon landed a second touring gig , this time with the opening band of Vai 's tour , the Wildhearts .
While on tour with the Wildhearts , Townsend formed a short @-@ lived thrash metal project with Metallica 's then @-@ bassist Jason Newsted .
The group recorded a few songs together , although Townsend says that they never intended to go further than that .
Despite getting notable touring gigs with other musicians , however , Townsend continued to face rejection of his own music .
Relativity Records dropped Noisescapes from their label shortly after Townsend accepted Vai 's offer , seeing no commercial appeal in Townsend 's music .
The offer was ultimately rescinded by the head of Roadrunner , who regarded Townsend 's recordings as " just noise " .
Townsend began to record material under the pseudonym Strapping Young Lad .
He avoided using his real name at this point in career , looking for a fresh start after his high @-@ profile Vai gig .
Townsend founded his own independent record label , HevyDevy Records , to release the album .
Townsend himself considers it the band 's " ultimate " album .
Later that year , Townsend released his second solo album , Ocean Machine : Biomech .
The album featured a mix of hard rock , ambient , and progressive rock .
After the completion of City and Ocean Machine : Biomech , Townsend began to approach a mental breakdown .
Townsend returned to the studio , accompanied by Hoglan , to work on the album , on which Townsend played most of the instruments .
Later in his career , Townsend has cited Infinity as his favorite solo record .
He wanted to show that despite the highly varied nature of his projects , they are all simply aspects of his identity .
The album Biomech was relabeled and redistributed as Ocean Machine : Biomech , under Townsend 's name , to reflect the new arrangement .
Townsend 's next project took several years to come to fruition .
When the IR8 tape was leaked , Newsted 's Metallica bandmates James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich learned of the project .
With the project stalled , Townsend instead wrote the album himself , entitling it Physicist .
Townsend assembled his Strapping Young Lad bandmates to record it , the only time this lineup was featured on a Devin Townsend album .
Townsend cited Ween 's White Pepper as an inspiration for the album .
After a five @-@ year break from recording , Strapping Young Lad reunited to record a new album .
Townsend cited Front Line Assembly , Grotus , and Samael 's Passage as influences .
Townsend performed guitar , vocals , and production , as he did in Strapping Young Lad .
After the release of Accelerated Evolution , Townsend 's two bands toured separately for their separate albums .
Feeling that the band 's previous album did not live up to expectations , Townsend decided to take his music to a new extreme .
To prepare for the new album , Townsend stopped taking the medication prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder .
Around this time , Townsend also contributed to the soundtrack of the video game Fallout : Brotherhood of Steel .
Shortly thereafter Townsend began putting together the next Devin Townsend Band record , with the working title Human .
Townsend intended the album as the more " pleasant " counterpart to Alien .
Townsend withdrew from touring to spend time with his family .
The original character design for Pickles the Drummer , one of the series ' main characters , bore a striking resemblance to Townsend .
The series ' co @-@ creator Brendon Small acknowledged the similarity , and altered the design before the series began .
We gave him the goatee and the dreadover so he wouldn 't look like that .
After removing himself from the music industry , Townsend cut his trademark hair off and gave up drinking and smoking .
This began a period of " self discovery " where he learned " how to create without drugs " .
Over two years , Townsend wrote over 60 songs , and found that they fit into " four distinct styles " .
The project 's concept includes a different " theme " and a different group of musicians on each album .
Ki , the first album of the Devin Townsend Project tetralogy was written to " set the stage " for the subsequent albums .
Brian " Beav " Waddell was recruited from the Devin Townsend Band to play bass .
Ki , Addicted , and Deconstruction were each performed on one night , respectively .
These four shows were each entitled " An Evening with the Devin Townsend Project " .
Again featuring Anneke van Giersbergen on vocals , Epicloud appeared on several European charts , peaking at number 8 in Finland .
He also produced the record .
Townsend also started a crowdfunding campaign through PledgeMusic to support the release of the album .
The funding quickly reached its goal , and all additional funds were put directly to Townsend 's upcoming projects .
Townsend also discussed a " ZTV " or " Ziltoid TV " is preceding the album .
The Devin Townsend Project disc is called Sky Blue and the Ziltoid disc is called Dark Matters .
Later , " after the chaos of finishing it had subsided " , Townsend stated he is really satisfied with the result .
Devin mentioned he is against the project being contrived due to the current hard rock undertones in popular music .
He described it as a " lukewarm heavy metal Devin song " .
Townsend has been married to Tracy Turner , his girlfriend since he was 19 .
He is a vegetarian .
Townsend designed his two main projects , the aggressive Strapping Young Lad and his more melodic solo material , as counterparts .
He described it as " a highly orchestrated type of expansive music based in hard rock and heavy metal .
Dense and produced with a large amount of ambient elements .
Townsend 's musical ideas and production style have drawn comparisons to Phil Spector and Frank Zappa .
Townsend has carried out the mixing and mastering for most of his solo work himself .
He has also mixed and remixed work for other artists such as Rammstein , August Burns Red and Misery Signals .
Townsend mainly uses Open C tuning for both six and seven string guitar .
Townsend 's technique varies from fingerpicking , power chords and polychords to sweep @-@ picked arpeggios and tapping techniques .
He is also known for his heavy use of reverb and delay effects .
Townsend 's employs a variety of vocal techniques in his work , including screaming , growling or even falsetto .
His vocal range has been noted to be over 5 octaves ( C2 to F7 ) .
Townsend draws influence from a wide range of music genres , most prominently heavy metal .
Townsend has cited , among others , Judas Priest , W.A.S.P.
Townsend lists Paul Horn and Ravi Shankar as the " two most important musicians in his life " .
He is also influenced by orchestral and classical composers such as John Williams , Trevor Jones and Igor Stravinsky .
It has been the only purpose @-@ built Jewish house of worship in the history of the city .
Due to various political circumstances , very limited progress has been made .
Franjo Klein , a Vienna @-@ born Zagreb architect , was commissioned to build the synagogue .
It became a prototype for synagogue design in Central Europe .
The synagogue occupied the greater part of the plot , facing west .
It was the first prominent public building in Zagreb 's lower town , and its architecture and scale aroused general admiration and praise .
With the new synagogue , an organ was introduced into religious service .
The synagogue became too small to accommodate the needs of the ever @-@ growing community .
In this world and the next they will be punished .
He pulled them from the rubble shortly after the end of World War II .
The wash @-@ basin and the memorial tables are now in the Zagreb City Museum .
The column fragments are kept by the Jewish Community of Zagreb .
Only one in five Croatian Jews survived the Holocaust of World War II .
All this , combined with the new regime 's general hostility toward religion , made reconstruction of the synagogue nearly impossible .
After World War II , the vacant site of the former synagogue was used as a makeshift volleyball court .
Instead , the parcel was turned into a parking lot , which it remains to this day .
The project was not developed .
In the meantime , the Jewish Community of Zagreb sought to legally reacquire its property .
As a consequence , the community and its president , Ognjen Kraus , refused further participation in the project under the set conditions .
Further disagreements existed about the design and character of the new building .
Facsimile reconstruction , while feasible , was not seriously contemplated .
There was a general agreement that the new building should also have a cultural as well as commercial purpose .
Opinions of architects , urban planners , and art historians were also divided along similar lines .
First observed east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August , the hurricane arrived at the Bahamas by 19 August .
The disturbance continued to drift northward and made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August .
Several French and British military ships were damaged out at sea .
In the Carolinas , salt , sugar , rice , and lumber industries suffered considerably , and several individuals were killed .
Wharves and vessels endured moderate damage , with many ships wrecked on North Carolinan barrier islands .
Reports of similar wind shifts throughout the region suggested that the gale persisted , stationary , for several hours .
It eventually moved back out to sea while south of Norfolk , Virginia , departing the region on 24 August .
A cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby .
At Smithville , North Carolina , numerous ships experienced damage , while considerable destruction to structures was observed , with many wharves wrecked .
One individual died after a wall collapsed and several slaves were killed , one by drowning , at local plantations .
Throughout the storm , several vessels and supplies of stranded sailors were driven aground along the North Carolinan coast .
Moderate damage occurred upon the hurricane 's arrival in Norfolk , Virginia .
Winds toppled a number of newly built structures and chimneys , uprooted trees and fences , and washed two watercraft aground .
After the storm , alterations to the shoreline around the Chesapeake Bay permitted the full establishment of a town at Willoughby Spit .
John 's , Newfoundland .
Cape Cod , Massachusetts was struck by heavy rain and observed minor damage to its port .
They use cameras , camcorders and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public .
Any retained information is recorded on the Crimint database .
Political activists have criticised FITs and said that they feel the aim of FIT deployment during protests is to prevent legal protests .
Journalists have also complained that FITs attempt to stop them photographing protests and that they conduct surveillance of journalists .
A similar police surveillance unit , the Video Intelligence Unit is operated by Greater Manchester Police .
The police officers wear full uniform , and are intended to be a highly visible presence .
Their uniform is sometimes different from normal police officers in that the upper half of their yellow fluorescent jackets is blue .
Civilian photographers are also employed by the police to work alongside FITs .
Despite the implication in their name that their function is to merely gather intelligence , they are also intended to have a deterrent effect .
This approach has been reported to work in reducing reports of anti @-@ social behaviour at times when FITs are deployed in specific neighbourhoods .
Linda Catt , an activist , has suggested that their tactics are " designed to intimidate people and prevent lawful dissent " .
It was the first time that FITs are known to have been deployed in plain clothes .
Wood argued that police had harassed him and infringed his right to privacy by photographing him .
Lord Collins of Mapesbury said that the police presence had a " chilling effect " on people who were protesting lawfully .
FITs have not been banned but they must now justify the retention of photographs on a case @-@ by @-@ case basis .
The information that FITs collect is stored on the Crimint database , which is used daily by police officers to catalogue criminal intelligence .
People are listed by name allowing police to determine which events individuals have attended .
The women had asked police officers to reveal their shoulder numbers , as at least four officers had not displayed them .
The police later retracted all the charges against the women .
The women lodged a complaint with the IPCC over the incident .
He claimed that " anybody who is politically active is filmed , identified , monitored , logged , and cross @-@ checked " .
The National Union of Journalists ( NUJ ) has criticised FITs for their surveillance and sometimes violent harassment of working journalists .
The BBC TV series Panorama produced an episode entitled What ever happened to people power ?
They also record footage of people involved in anti @-@ social behaviour on the streets .
The aim is to give other police officers up to date information on the appearance of people who have broken the law .
Video footage thus collected is constantly replayed on TV screens in rooms where officers complete their paperwork .
Footage that they have recorded has also been uploaded onto YouTube in an attempt to catch people they believe have reoffended .
This has resulted in several offenders being sent back to prison after breaching licence conditions .
The case came about due to the death of H.
Instead , both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidates .
Rockefeller would be more appropriate .
In Pennsylvania , this power had been delegated , and Governor Robert P.
They moved to expedite an appeal to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit .
In the absence of guidance , the Court of Appeals took a narrow view of the issues , something she criticises .
Gold instead suggests that the test used in Valenti v.
Rockefeller , an analogous decision over the validity of New York state electoral law .
He is also a businessman , and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets .
Jordan played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) for the Chicago Bulls and Washington Wizards .
His biography on the NBA website states : " By acclamation , Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time .
Jordan played three seasons for coach Dean Smith at the University of North Carolina .
He quickly emerged as a league star , entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring .
He also gained a reputation for being one of the best defensive players in basketball .
Jordan is also known for his product endorsements .
His family moved to Wilmington , North Carolina , when he was a toddler .
Jordan is the fourth of five children .
He has two older brothers , Larry Jordan and James R.
Laney High School in Wilmington , where he anchored his athletic career by playing baseball , football , and basketball .
His taller friend , Harvest Leroy Smith , was the only sophomore to make the team .
Motivated to prove his worth , Jordan became the star of Laney 's junior varsity squad , and tallied several 40 @-@ point games .
The following summer , he grew four inches ( 10 cm ) and trained rigorously .
Jordan was recruited by numerous college basketball programs , including Duke , North Carolina , South Carolina , Syracuse , and Virginia .
Jordan later described this shot as the major turning point in his basketball career .
One of the primary reasons why Jordan was not drafted sooner was because the first two teams were in need of a center .
During his first season in the NBA , Jordan averaged 28 @.@ 2 ppg on 51 @.@ 5 % shooting .
Jordan was also voted in as an All @-@ Star starter by the fans in his rookie season .
Jordan recovered in time to participate in the playoffs and performed well upon his return .
The Celtics , however , managed to sweep the series .
Despite Jordan 's success , Magic Johnson won the league 's Most Valuable Player Award .
The Bulls reached 40 wins , and advanced to the playoffs for the third consecutive year .
However , they were again swept by the Celtics .
They again advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals beating the Bucks and Philadelphia 76ers .
However , despite pushing the series to seven games , the Bulls lost to the Pistons for the third consecutive season .
With Scottie Pippen developing into an All @-@ Star , the Bulls had elevated their play .
The Bulls defeated the New York Knicks and the Philadelphia 76ers in the opening two rounds of the playoffs .
They advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals where their rival , the Detroit Pistons , awaited them .
However , this time the Bulls beat the Pistons in a four @-@ game sweep .
Most of the Pistons went directly to their locker room instead of shaking hands with the Bulls .
Jordan won his first NBA Finals MVP award , and he cried while holding the NBA Finals trophy .
After the sixth three @-@ pointer , he jogged down the court shrugging as he looked courtside .
He scored more than 30 points in every game of the series , including 40 or more points in 4 consecutive games .
Jordan stated , " Yeah , I 've gotten myself into situations where I would not walk away and I 've pushed the envelope .
Yeah , it depends on how you look at it .
If you 're willing to jeopardize your livelihood and your family , then yeah .
Jordan later stated that the murder of his father earlier in the year also shaped his decision .
He later adopted it as his own signature , displaying it each time he drove to the basket .
Jordan 's announcement sent shock waves throughout the NBA and appeared on the front pages of newspapers around the world .
The team received help , however , when Jordan decided to return to the NBA for the Bulls .
He took to the court with the Bulls to face the Indiana Pacers in Indianapolis , scoring 19 points .
Jordan averaged 31 points per game in the series , but Orlando won the series in 6 games .
They defeated the Seattle SuperSonics 4 @-@ 2 in the NBA Finals to win their fourth championship .
Jordan was named Finals MVP for a record fourth time , surpassing Magic Johnson 's three Finals MVP awards .
However , this year Jordan was beaten for the NBA MVP Award by Karl Malone .
The Bulls again advanced to the Finals , where they faced Malone and the Utah Jazz .
The series against the Jazz featured two of the more memorable clutch moments of Jordan 's career .
He won Game 1 for the Bulls with a buzzer @-@ beating jump shot .
In Game 5 , with the series tied at 2 , Jordan played despite being feverish and dehydrated from a stomach virus .
For the fifth time in as many Finals appearances , Jordan received the Finals MVP award .
After winning , they moved on for a rematch with the Jazz in the Finals .
Jordan executed a series of plays , considered to be one of the greatest clutch performances in NBA Finals history .
Jordan then dribbled down the court and paused , eyeing his defender , Jazz guard Bryon Russell .
Afterwards , John Stockton missed a game @-@ winning three @-@ pointer .
Jordan and the Bulls won their sixth NBA championship and second three @-@ peat .
Game 6 also holds the highest television rating of any game in NBA history .
Jordan 's responsibilities with the Wizards were comprehensive .
He controlled all aspects of the Wizards ' basketball operations , and had the final say in all personnel matters .
Opinions of Jordan as a basketball executive were mixed .
His last seven appearances were in a reserve role , in which he averaged just over 20 minutes per game .
That year , Jordan was the only Washington player to play in all 82 games , starting in 67 of them .
He averaged 20 @.@ 0 points , 6 @.@ 1 rebounds , 3 @.@ 8 assists , and 1 @.@ 5 steals per game .
He also shot 45 % from the field , and 82 % from the free throw line .
In his final game at his old home court , the United Center in Chicago , Jordan received a four @-@ minute standing ovation .
In the end he accepted the spot of Vince Carter , who decided to give it up under great public pressure .
Just after the start of the fourth quarter , the First Union Center crowd began chanting " We want Mike !
Jordan played on two Olympic gold medal @-@ winning American basketball teams .
Jordan led the team in scoring , averaging 17 @.@ 1 ppg for the tournament .
Jordan was the only player to start all 8 games in the Olympics .
Playing limited minutes due to the frequent blowouts , Jordan averaged 14 @.@ 9 ppg , finishing second on the team in scoring .
As February wore on , it emerged that the leading contenders for the team were Jordan and former Houston Rockets president George Postolos .
It also made him the league 's only African @-@ American majority owner .
Their .106 winning percentage was the worst in NBA history .
It 's very , very frustrating " , Jordan said later that year .
The NBA approved the change on July 18 .
Jordan was known throughout his career for being a strong clutch performer .
His competitiveness was visible in his prolific trash @-@ talk and well @-@ known work ethic .
To help improve his defense , he spent extra hours studying film of opponents .
On offense , he relied more upon instinct and improvisation at game time .
He played all 82 games nine times .
Jordan has frequently cited David Thompson , Walter Davis , and Jerry West as influences .
Jordan had a versatile offensive game .
According to Hubie Brown , this move alone made him nearly unstoppable .
For a guard , Jordan was also a good rebounder ( 6 @.@ 2 per game ) .
He ranks third in NBA history in total steals with 2 @,@ 514 , trailing John Stockton and Jason Kidd .
Jerry West often stated that he was more impressed with Jordan 's defensive contributions than his offensive ones .
Jordan 's marked talent was clear from his rookie season .
Jordan led the NBA in scoring in 10 seasons ( NBA record ) and tied Wilt Chamberlain 's record of seven consecutive scoring titles .
Jordan 's total of 5 @,@ 987 points in the playoffs is the highest in NBA history .
Many of Jordan 's contemporaries say that Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time .
In addition , the Associated Press voted him as the basketball player of the 20th century .
Jordan has also appeared on the front cover of Sports Illustrated a record 50 times .
I think it was the exposure of Michael Jordan ; the marketing of Michael Jordan .
Everything was marketed towards the things that people wanted to see , which was scoring and dunking .
That Michael Jordan still played defense and an all @-@ around game , but it was never really publicized .
The exhibit also has a batting glove to signify Jordan 's short career in baseball .
Former coaches of Jordan 's , Dean Smith and Doug Collins , were also among those present .
Both of his sons attended Loyola Academy , a private Roman Catholic high school located in Wilmette , Illinois .
Jordan had allegedly paid Knafel $ 250 @,@ 000 to keep their relationship a secret .
A DNA test showed Jordan was not the father of the child .
Jordan is one of the most marketed sports figures in history .
Nike created a signature shoe for him , called the Air Jordan .
One of Jordan 's more popular commercials for the shoe involved Spike Lee playing the part of Mars Blackmon .
Subsequently , Nike spun off the Jordan line into its own division named the " Jordan Brand " .
The company features an impressive list of athletes and celebrities as endorsers .
The brand has also sponsored college sports programs such as those of North Carolina , Cal , Georgetown , and Marquette .
Jordan also has been associated with the Looney Tunes cartoon characters .
They have subsequently appeared together in several commercials for MCI .
Jordan 's yearly income from the endorsements is estimated to be over forty million dollars .
Due to this , Jordan set records in player salary by signing annual contracts worth in excess of US $ 30 million per season .
Most of Jordan 's endorsement deals , including his first deal with Nike , were engineered by his agent , David Falk .
Jordan has described Falk as " the best at what he does " and that " marketing @-@ wise , he 's great .
He 's the one who came up with the concept of ' Air Jordan .
According to the Forbes article , Jordan Brand generates $ 1 billion in sales for Nike .
The occupiers looted and destroyed much of Poland 's cultural and historical heritage , while persecuting and murdering members of the Polish cultural elite .
Most Polish schools were closed , and those that remained open saw their curricula altered significantly .
The Catholic Church and wealthy individuals contributed to the survival of some artists and their works .
Independent Poland lasted for only 21 years before it was again attacked and divided among foreign powers .
Germany 's policy toward the Polish nation and its culture evolved during the course of the war .
Goebbels declared that " The Polish nation is not worthy to be called a cultured nation " .
During the following weeks Polish schools beyond middle vocational levels were closed , as were theaters and many other cultural institutions .
The only Polish @-@ language newspaper published in occupied Poland was also closed , and the arrests of Polish intellectuals began .
Further directives issued in the spring and early summer reflected policies that had been outlined by Frank and Goebbels during the previous autumn .
Polish @-@ German cooperation in cultural matters , such as joint public performances , was strictly prohibited .
The Germans hoped that a more lenient cultural policy would lessen unrest and weaken the Polish Resistance .
Restrictions on education , theater and music performances were eased .
Even exotic animals were taken from the zoos .
Twenty @-@ five museums and a host of other institutions were destroyed during the war .
The Jewish intelligentsia was exterminated altogether .
In some parts of occupied Poland , Poles were restricted , or even forbidden , from attending religious services .
The worst conditions were found in the Reichsgau Wartheland , which the Nazis treated as a laboratory for their anti @-@ religious policies .
Polish clergy and religious leaders figured prominently among portions of the intelligentsia that were targeted for extermination .
I do not regard a knowledge of reading as desirable .
The specific policy varied from territory to territory , but in general , there was no Polish @-@ language education at all .
German policy constituted a crash @-@ Germanization of the populace .
It was expected that Polish children would begin to work once they finished their primary education at age 12 to 15 .
Pupils sit crammed together without necessary materials , and often without skilled teaching staff .
Every day , pupils have to study in several shifts .
Under such circumstances , the school day , which normally lasts five hours , is reduced to one hour .
There was no money for heating of the schools in winter .
No new Polish teachers were to be trained .
The educational curriculum was censored ; subjects such as literature , history and geography were removed .
Old textbooks were confiscated and school libraries were closed .
The Germans were especially active in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland ; nearly all of the wooden synagogues there were destroyed .
Moreover , the sale of Jewish literature was banned throughout Poland .
Polish literature faced a similar fate in territories annexed by Germany , where the sale of Polish books was forbidden .
During the war , Warsaw libraries lost about a million volumes , or 30 % of their collections .
More than 80 % of these losses were the direct result of purges rather than wartime conflict .
Overall , it is estimated that about 10 million volumes from state @-@ owned libraries and institutions perished during the war .
Polish flags and other symbols were confiscated .
The war on the Polish language included the tearing down of signs in Polish and the banning of Polish speech in public places .
Persons who spoke Polish in the streets were often insulted and even physically assaulted .
The Germanization of place names prevailed .
Dozens of monuments were destroyed throughout Poland .
The Nazis planned to level entire cities .
The Germans prohibited publication of any regular Polish @-@ language book , literary study or scholarly paper .
Banned literature included maps , atlases and English- and French @-@ language publications , including dictionaries .
Mere possession of such books was illegal and punishable by imprisonment .
Poles were forbidden , under penalty of death , to own radios .
The press was reduced from over 2 @,@ 000 publications to a few dozen , all censored by the Germans .
Such a thorough destruction of the press was unprecedented in contemporary history .
The only officially available reading matter was the propaganda press that was disseminated by the German occupation administration .
A similar situation faced theaters , which were forbidden by the Germans to produce " serious " spectacles .
Indeed , a number of propaganda pieces were created for theater stages .
Hence , theatrical productions were also boycotted by the underground .
In addition , actors were discouraged from performing in them and warned that they would be labeled as collaborators if they failed to comply .
Music was the least restricted of cultural activities , probably because Hans Frank regarded himself as a fan of serious music .
Numerous musical performances were permitted in cafes and churches , and the Polish underground chose to boycott only the propagandist operas .
Shuttered museums were replaced by occasional art exhibitions that frequently conveyed propagandist themes .
The development of Nazi propaganda in occupied Poland can be divided into two main phases .
More than a million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia , many to Gulag concentration camps , for years or decades .
Others died , including over 20 @,@ 000 military officers who perished in the Katyn massacres .
The Soviets quickly Sovietized the annexed lands , introducing compulsory collectivization .
They proceeded to confiscate , nationalize and redistribute private and state @-@ owned Polish property .
In the process , they banned political parties and public associations and imprisoned or executed their leaders as " enemies of the people " .
In line with Soviet anti @-@ religious policy , churches and religious organizations were persecuted .
Stalin , like Hitler , worked to eliminate Polish society .
The Soviet authorities sought to remove all trace of the Polish history of the area now under their control .
The name " Poland " was banned .
Polish monuments were torn down .
Soviet Communist ideology became paramount in all teaching .
Polish literature and language studies were dissolved by the Soviet authorities , and the Polish language was replaced with Russian or Ukrainian .
Polish @-@ language books were burned even in the primary schools .
Polish teachers were not allowed in the schools , and many were arrested .
Classes were held in Belorussian , Lithuanian and Ukrainian , with a new pro @-@ Soviet curriculum .
Dear , majority of scholars believe that " In the Soviet occupation zone , conditions were only marginally less harsh than under the Germans .
All publications and media were subjected to censorship .
The Soviets sought to recruit Polish left @-@ wing intellectuals who were willing to cooperate .
Polish cultural activities in Minsk and Wilno were less organized .
The Soviet propaganda @-@ motivated support for Polish @-@ language cultural activities , however , clashed with the official policy of Russification .
Soon , however , Stalin decided to re @-@ implement the Russification policies .
Many Polish writers collaborated with the Soviets , writing pro @-@ Soviet propaganda .
Similarly , Aleksander Wat , initially sympathetic to communism , was arrested by the Soviet NKVD secret police and exiled to Kazakhstan .
Polish culture persisted in underground education , publications , even theater .
Also occasionally sponsored were secret art exhibitions , theater performances and concerts .
Classes were either held under the cover of officially permitted activities or in private homes and other venues .
Students at the underground schools were often also members of the Polish resistance .
In Warsaw , there were over 70 underground schools , with 2 @,@ 000 teachers and 21 @,@ 000 students .
Underground Warsaw University educated 3 @,@ 700 students , issuing 64 masters and 7 doctoral degrees .
Warsaw Politechnic under occupation educated 3 @,@ 000 students , issuing 186 engineering degrees , 18 doctoral ones and 16 habilitations .
Nearly 1 @,@ 000 Polish scientists received funds from the Underground State , enabling them to continue their research .
The German attitude to underground education varied depending on whether it took place in the General Government or the annexed territories .
For the most part , closing underground schools and colleges in the General Government was not a top priority for the Germans .
Some schools semi @-@ openly taught unauthorized subjects in defiance of the German authorities .
Books were also sometimes printed .
The two largest underground publishers were the Bureau of Information and Propaganda of Armia Krajowa and the Government Delegation for Poland .
According to some statistics , these couriers were among the underground members most frequently arrested by the Germans .
Under German occupation , the professions of Polish journalists and writers were virtually eliminated , as they had little opportunity to publish their work .
The Underground State 's Department of Culture sponsored various initiatives and individuals , enabling them to continue their work and aiding in their publication .
Novels and anthologies were published by underground presses ; over 1 @,@ 000 works were published underground over the course of the war .
Theater was also active in the Jewish ghettos and in the camps for Polish war prisoners .
Polish music , including orchestras , also went underground .
Patriotic songs were written , such as Siekiera , motyka , the most popular song of occupied Warsaw .
Patriotic puppet shows were staged .
Visual arts were practiced underground as well .
These works were reprinted on underground presses , and those intended for public display were plastered to walls or painted on them as graffiti .
Many of these activities were coordinated under the Action N Operation of Armia Krajowa 's Bureau of Information and Propaganda .
Some artists recorded life and death in occupied Poland ; despite German bans on Poles using cameras , photographs and even films were taken .
Although it was impossible to operate an underground radio station , underground auditions were recorded and introduced into German radios or loudspeaker systems .
Underground postage stamps were designed and issued .
All of these activities were supported by the Underground State 's Department of Culture .
Polish artists also worked abroad , outside of occupied Europe .
Arkady Fiedler , based in Britain with the Polish Armed Forces in the West wrote about the 303 Polish Fighter Squadron .
There were artists who performed for the Polish forces in the West as well as for the Polish forces in the East .
Among musicians who performed for the Polish II Corps in a Polska Parada cabaret were Henryk Wars and Irena Anders .
There were also Polish theaters in exile in both the East and the West .
The wartime attempts to destroy Polish culture may have strengthened it instead .
The resulting culture was , however , different from the culture of interwar Poland for a number of reasons .
The destruction of Poland 's Jewish community , Poland 's postwar territorial changes , and postwar migrations left Poland without its historic ethnic minorities .
The multicultural nation was no more .
Many Polish works of art created since the war have centered on events of the war .
Educational and training programs place special emphasis on the World War II period and on the occupation .
Events and individuals connected with the war are ubiquitous on TV , on radio and in the print media .
The theme remains an important element in literature and learning , in film , theater and the fine arts .
Not to mention that politicians constantly make use of it .
Probably no other country marks anniversaries related to the events of World War II so often or so solemnly .
In response , the Soviet Union sent a submarine armed with nuclear missiles from Vladivostok to trail the US task force .
The event demonstrated the significance of nuclear weapons and ballistic missile submarines to then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi .
The Arihant @-@ class submarines are nuclear powered ballistic missile submarines built under the Advanced Technology Vessel ( ATV ) project .
They will be the first nuclear submarines designed and built by India .
The complement is about 95 , including officers and sailors .
The submarines are similar to the Akula @-@ class submarine of Russia .
The submarines are powered by a pressurised water reactor with highly enriched uranium fuel .
Successful operation of the prototype for three years enabled the production version of the reactor for Arihant .
The reactor subsystems were tested at the Machinery Test Center in Visakhapatnam .
Facilities for loading and replacing the fuel cores of the naval reactors in berthed submarines were also established .
The detailed engineering of the design was implemented at Larsen & Toubro 's submarine design center at their Hazira shipbuilding facility .
Tata Power SED built the control systems for the submarine .
The steam turbines and associated systems integrated with the reactor were supplied by Walchandnagar Industries .
Exact number of planned submarines remains unclear , according to media reports about three to six submarines are planned to be built .
She served in the Imperial German Navy during World War I.
Markgraf was named in honor of the royal family of Baden .
The name Markgraf is a rank of German nobility and is equivalent to the English Margrave , or Marquess .
The ship was damaged by a mine while en route to Germany following the successful conclusion of the operation .
The ships were disarmed and reduced to skeleton crews while the Allied powers negotiated the final version of the Treaty of Versailles .
Markgraf was ordered under the provisional name Ersatz Weissenburg and built at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen under construction number 186 .
She had cost the Imperial German Government 45 million Goldmarks .
The ship had a crew of 41 officers and 1 @,@ 095 enlisted sailors .
Markgraf 's 8 @.@ 8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8 @.@ 8 cm anti @-@ aircraft guns .
The ship 's main armored belt was 350 millimeters ( 14 in ) thick .
On 24 April , the battlecruisers of Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper 's I Scouting Group conducted a raid on the English coast .
Markgraf and the rest of the fleet sailed in distant support .
The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target , and had to withdraw .
A short artillery duel ensued before the Harwich Force withdrew .
Reports of British submarines in the area prompted the retreat of the I Scouting Group .
The four ships made up the V Division of the III Battle Squadron , and they were the vanguard of the fleet .
By this time , the German battlecruisers were steaming south to draw the British ships toward the main body of the High Seas Fleet .
The German battlecruisers were steaming to starboard , while the British ships steamed to port .
Markgraf opened fire on the battlecruiser Tiger at a range of 21 @,@ 000 yards ( 19 @,@ 000 m ) .
Markgraf and her two sisters fired their secondary guns on British destroyers attempting to make torpedo attacks against the German fleet .
Markgraf continued to engage Tiger until 18 : 25 , by which time the faster battlecruisers managed to move out of effective gunnery range .
During this period , the battleships Warspite and Valiant of the 5th Battle Squadron fired on the leading German battleships .
At 18 : 10 , one of the British ships scored a 15 @-@ inch ( 38 cm ) shell hit on Markgraf .
Malaya fired a torpedo at Markgraf at 19 : 05 , but the torpedo missed due to the long range .
During this period , two more 15 @-@ inch shells hit Markgraf , though the timing is unknown .
The main deck was buckled and approximately 400 t ( 390 long tons ; 440 short tons ) of water entered the ship .
The other two shells failed to explode and caused negligible damage .
The obsolescent armored cruisers of the 1st Cruiser Squadron also joined in the melee .
Markgraf fired both her 30 @.@ 5 cm and 15 cm guns at the armored cruiser Defence .
Markgraf then fired on the battlecruiser Princess Royal and scored two hits .
The crew for the left gun were killed , the turret was disabled , and the explosion caused serious damage to the upper deck .
The two shells killed 11 and wounded 31 .
Warrior foundered on the trip back to port the following morning .
The shell exploded upon impacting the armor protecting the No.
The shell failed to penetrate but holed the armor and disabled the gun .
The explosion seriously injured two and killed the rest of the gun crew .
Shortly after 20 : 00 , the German battleships engaged the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron ; Markgraf fired primarily 15 cm shells .
In this period , Markgraf was engaged by Agincourt 's 12 @-@ inch guns , which scored a single hit at 20 : 14 .
The shell failed to explode and shattered on impact on the 8 @-@ inch side armor , causing minimal damage .
Two of the adjoining 14 @-@ inch plates directly below the 8 @-@ inch armor were slightly forced inward and some minor flooding occurred .
The heavy fire of the British fleet forced Scheer to order the fleet to turn away .
Several British light cruisers and destroyers stumbled into the German line around 21 : 20 .
In the ensuing short engagement Markgraf hit the cruiser Calliope five times with her secondary guns .
Around 02 : 45 , several British destroyers mounted a torpedo attack against the rear half of the German line .
Markgraf initially held her fire as the identities of the destroyers were unknown .
Heavy fire from the German battleships forced the British destroyers to withdraw .
At 05 : 06 , Markgraf and several other battleships fired at what they thought was a submarine .
Upon reaching Wilhelmshaven , Markgraf went into harbor while several other battleships took up defensive positions in the outer roadstead .
The ship was transferred to Hamburg where she was repaired in AG Vulcan 's large floating dock .
Repair work was completed by 20 July .
She was hit by five large @-@ caliber shells , which killed 11 men and wounded 13 .
The British were aware of the German plans , and sortied the Grand Fleet to meet them .
Unit training with the III Squadron followed from 21 October to 2 November .
Two days later , the ship formally rejoined III Squadron .
On the 5th , a pair of U @-@ boats grounded on the Danish coast .
The IV Squadron consisted of the five Kaiser @-@ class battleships .
The invasion force amounted to approximately 24 @,@ 600 officers and enlisted men .
Three British C @-@ class submarines where also stationed in the Gulf .
Markgraf fired on the battery located on Cape Ninnast .
After the successful amphibious assault , III Squadron steamed to Putziger Wiek , although Markgraf remained behind for several days .
The ship was quickly freed , and she reached the III Squadron anchorage north of Larina Bank on the 19th .
The ship returned to Arensburg on 27 October , and two days later was detached from Operation Albion to return to the North Sea .
The ship continued on to Kiel via Neufahrwasser in Danzig ; she then went on to Wilhelmshaven , where the mine damage was repaired .
The work was completed at the Imperial Dockyard from 6 to 23 November .
After repairs were completed , Markgraf returned to guard duty in the North Sea .
The bulk of the High Seas Fleet was to have sortied from their base in Wilhelmshaven to engage the British Grand Fleet .
However , many of the war @-@ weary sailors felt the operation would disrupt the peace process and prolong the war .
The unrest ultimately forced Hipper and Scheer to cancel the operation .
Informed of the situation , the Kaiser stated , " I no longer have a navy .
The massive flotilla consisted of some 370 British , American , and French warships .
The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles .
Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd , Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the first opportunity .
Markgraf sank at 16 : 45 .
In total , the guards killed nine Germans and wounded twenty @-@ one .
The remaining crews , totaling some 1 @,@ 860 officers and enlisted men , were imprisoned .
Markgraf was never raised for scrapping , unlike most of the other capital ships that were scuttled .
Markgraf and her two sisters had sunk in deeper water than the other capital ships , which made any salvage attempt more difficult .
Archaeologists have established that the monument was built by pastoralist communities shortly after the introduction of agriculture to Britain from continental Europe .
At least one of the bodies had been dismembered prior to burial , potentially reflecting a funerary tradition of excarnation and secondary burial .
Local folklore grew up around the site , associating it with the burial of a prince and the countless stones motif .
The ruin attracted the interest of antiquarians in the 19th century , while archaeological excavation took place in the early 20th .
It is open without charge to visitors all year around .
The Coldrum Stones are named after a nearby farm , Coldrum Lodge , which has since been demolished .
The tomb can be reached along a pathway known as Coldrum Lane , which is only accessible on foot .
The nearest car park to Coldrum Lane can be found off of Pinesfield Lane in Trottiscliffe .
Another nearby village is Addington , which is located one and a quarter miles away .
The Early Neolithic was a revolutionary period of British history .
Across Western Europe , the Early Neolithic marked the first period in which humans built monumental structures in the landscape .
Individuals were rarely buried alone in the Early Neolithic , instead being interned in collective burials with other members of their community .
The Early Neolithic people of Britain placed far greater emphasis on the ritualised burial of the dead than their Mesolithic forebears had done .
For this reason , historian Ronald Hutton termed these monuments " tomb @-@ shrines " to reflect their dual purpose .
Instead it has been suggested that they represent markers along herding pathways .
Others have suggested that these monuments were built on sites already deemed sacred by Mesolithic hunter @-@ gatherers .
The Medway Megaliths represent just one of these regional groups within the wider West European tradition of tomb building in this period .
The western group includes Coldrum Long Barrow , Addington Long Barrow , and the Chestnuts Long Barrow .
The Medway long barrows all conformed to the same general design plan , and are all aligned on an east to west axis .
Each had a stone chamber at the eastern end of the mound , and they each probably had a stone facade flanking the entrance .
Such common architectural features among these tomb @-@ shrines indicate a strong regional cohesion with no direct parallels elsewhere in the British Isles .
Whether those people had grown up locally , or moved into the Medway area from elsewhere is not known .
Evans instead suggested an origin in Germany , and Ronald F.
Jessup thought that their origins could be seen in the Cotswold @-@ Severn megalithic group .
He nevertheless stressed that a precise place of origin was " impossible to indicate " with the available evidence .
The monument originally consisted of a sarsen stone chamber , covered by a low earthen mound , which was bounded by prostrate slabs .
The monument 's axis points toward both the North Downs and the Medway Valley , which is similar to the other Medway Megaliths .
It had been built using about 50 stones .
The barrow is sub @-@ rectangular in plan , and about 20 meters ( 64 feet ) in length .
As such , the barrow is a " truncated wedge @-@ shape " .
The chamber 's internal height would have been at least 2 metres ( 6 feet 6 inches ) .
A collapsed , broken slab lies at the opening eastern end of the chamber .
The earthen mound that once covered the tomb is now visible only as an undulation approximately 1 foot , 6 inches in height .
Given that such blocks of stone rarely occur naturally , it may have been quarried .
These have been attributed to the sharpening of flint and other stone axe @-@ blades on these sarsens .
It may be that this represents the remnants of another such monument which has had its stones removed or buried .
Several large sarsens to the south of the Coldrums might represent the remnants of a further such tomb , since destroyed .
These remains were examined by Sir Arthur Keith , the conservator of the museum at the Royal College of Surgeons .
Disputing earlier conclusions , it stated that the minimum number of individuals was seventeen .
Wysocki 's team noted that in all but one case , the fracture morphologies are consistent with dry @-@ bone breakage .
The precision of the cut @-@ marks suggests that this dismemberment was done carefully ; " they do not suggest frenzied hacking or mutilation .
There are two possibilities for how this material developed .
These practices may have been accompanied by necrophagy , shamanism , or magical practices , direct evidence for which does not survive .
The inclusion of occupational debris over the bones was not unique to the site but common in chambered tombs from southern England .
All of the surviving megalithic tombs from the Early Neolithic period have suffered from neglect and the ravages of agriculture .
Later records reveal that it had gained widespread distribution in England , as well as a single occurrence each in Wales and Ireland .
Menefee suggested that it could be attributed to an animistic understanding that these megaliths had lives of their own .
The earliest antiquarian accounts of Coldrum Long Barrow were never published .
Wright had been alerted to their existence by a local vicar , the Reverend Lambert B.
Larking , and proceeded to visit them with him .
He then included a small , basic plan of the monument .
He returned the next year , noting that at this point , the brushwood had been cut away to reveal the megaliths .
For this reason , after gaining permission from the landowner , he convinced Major A.
The Coldrum Stones have been excavated on multiple occasions .
Bennett began excavation at the site , after previously having uncovered some Neolithic lithics from Addington Long Barrow .
He soon discovered human bones " under only a few inches of chalky soil " .
A few days later he returned to excavate on the north @-@ west corner of the dolmen with the architect E.
Filkins ; that day , they found a second skull , further bones , a flint tool , and pieces of pottery .
Later that month , George Payne and F.
Reader met with Bennett to discuss his finds .
However , Evans later stated that " we have no means of knowing " whether human sacrifice had taken place at the site .
Human remains were discovered , and placed into the possession of Sir Arthur Keith of the Royal College of Surgeons .
This excavation revealed all the existing sarsens surrounding the monument , a number of which had previously been buried beneath earth .
The stones of the dolmen were shored up with concrete foundations where Filkins deemed it necessary .
Although Filkins ' excavation was comprehensive , it did ignore stone holes , packing stones , and their relationship to the mound .
Crawford , then working as the archaeological officer for the Ordnance Survey , listed the Coldrum Stones alongside the other Medway Megaliths .
Still owned by the Trust , the site is open to visitors all year round , free of charge .
On their website , the Trust advises visitors to look for " stunning views from the top of the barrow " .
The hull was relatively undamaged and the Soviets decided to finish the ship to a modified design .
As completed her secondary armament was only four 30 @-@ caliber 76 @.@ 2 mm Lender AA guns mounted between her funnels .
She was also fitted for mine rails with a capacity of up to 120 mines .
It was extensively rebuilt and increased her overall length by over 11 metres ( 36 ft ) .
Some of these guns may have been received earlier , the sources are unclear .
Ten single mounts for the naval version of the 37 mm AA gun was also fitted .
She was hit seventeen times by Axis artillery and mortar fire in retaliation .
On 1 and 3 January she ferried supplies and reinforcements for the Soviet bridgehead on the Kerch Peninsula .
On the return voyage she was severely damaged by German Junkers Ju 87 Stuka dive @-@ bombers from II .
She was awarded the Guards title on 3 April in recognition of her performance .
Route 4 begins as a two @-@ lane divided highway at an intersection with U.S.
At that time , the Route 4 designation was also applied to the Wickford arterial .
Route 4 begins at a fork in the alignment of U.S.
After Secret Lake , the highway curves to the north , crossing Oak Hill Road at another at @-@ grade intersection .
Route 4 passes over Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor railroad before entering the business district of Wickford Junction .
The freeway interchanges with Routes 2 and 102 at exit 5 , a partial cloverleaf interchange .
After the interchange , Route 4 bends to the northeast , beginning a parallel alignment with Route 2 that continues to its northern terminus .
Shortly after exit 8 , the Route 4 designation ends and the mainline of the highway defaults onto I @-@ 95 north .
Route 1 in Wickford .
This proposal was later accepted , and construction began two years later .
Although the findings were not centralized in the area , this caused delays for the extension of the freeway .
The project included the construction of a new northbound exit 7 serving Route 403 east .
This would cut @-@ off access to three local roads that intersect US 1 near the signal .
The upgrade proposal proved to be very unpopular with North Kingstown residents who lived on the affected local roads .
Additionally , RIDOT laid the highway out so that Route 4 would cross through wetlands in the area .
Italics denote future exit numbers .
Written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , the song was released twice as a single .
Eliot 's poem The Waste Land .
It was generally well received by contemporary music critics and has been frequently cited as a highlight in the duo 's career .
After the duo signed with EMI , the song was re @-@ recorded with producer Stephen Hague for their first studio album , Please .
After listening to some demos , Orlando offered to produce for the duo .
Orlando played most of the instruments on " West End Girls " , including the jazz riff at the end .
Lowe played one chord and the bassline .
Orlando was thrilled by the song 's production ; his idea was to make a rap record in a British accent .
Tennant started to write the song when he was staying at his cousin 's house in Nottingham while watching a gangster film .
The lyrics were inspired by T.S.
Eliot 's poem The Waste Land , particularly in the use of different narrative voices and arcane references .
The song 's lyrics are largely concerned with class , inner @-@ city pressure .
The video was directed by Andy Morahan and Eric Watson , and consists of shots of the duo around London .
Lowe is filmed in double @-@ exposure and appears almost ghostlike .
In other shots , Tennant walks imperiously while Lowe follows behind , as if one were a master and the other an apprentice .
Then the video shows various shots at Waterloo station , as the chorus starts .
In slow motion , the camera pans across the WHSmith shop on the station concourse as the duo walk past .
It cuts to a brief shot of a No.
The camera shows shots of young women , and passes through arcades and cinemas in Leicester Square .
The camera now passes South Africa House showing protestors in the Non @-@ Stop Picket , an anti @-@ apartheid vigil .
The video cuts to a closeup of Tennant singing the chorus , with a purple neon sign passing across his face .
At the end the camera passes again through Leicester Square , where people queue to see Fletch and Desperately Seeking Susan .
The Pet Shop Boys then decided to re @-@ record " West End Girls " , and issue this new version as a single .
Producer Stephen Hague helmed the new , re @-@ recorded version of " West End Girls " .
The song also peaked at number one on Billboard 's Hot Dance Music / Club Play chart for two weeks .
Produced by Greg Kurstin , it is her first Christmas album and her first record to be solely released by RCA .
She commissioned Kurstin , who had studied jazz music under the tutelage of Jaki Byard , to produce the entire album .
She remarked , " I always get asked what genre I 'm in : ' Is this country or pop or rock ?
We can do whatever we want !
I 'm going to clear the air and take stock of the good that 's happened .
Despite having been raised in a Jewish faith and unfamiliar with Christmas songs , Kurstin still agreed to produce the project .
He recalled , " It was a lot of fun for us because we got to go back to our roots .
When Kelly started singing , it was clear she had the chops and had been trained to do anything .
It was so much fun and liberating .
And it pays off .
He also collaborated with Joseph Trapanese to arrange and conduct a chamber orchestra .
He enlisted Clarkson to provide all the background vocals herself .
Sometimes I 'd have to do an alto instead of a soprano because they needed a bigger sound .
She commented , " The production is all him .
I would be just like ' Hey , can we make this more jazz ?
Hey , can we make this more bluesy .
And he just , like Harry Potter , made this happen .
It 's so weird .
Clarkson has cited the color red as the album 's only theme .
A color traditionally associated with Christmas , she affiliated the color to various emotions in the holidays .
It wasn 't , ' Where is it going to fit ?
Critics singled out the track the one that resonates the Wall of Sound the most .
Clarkson remarked , " Greg and I have worked a lot together , but usually I just come in and I just sing .
We 've never have actually written a song together at this point .
And he and I were like , ' Let 's just try to write something for the record .
Written by Clarkson and Eubanks , " Every Christmas " , was the first song to be written for the album .
I 'm going to actually find someone and not be pathetically alone for the rest of my life ?
The seventh track is a cover of Elvis Presley 's " Blue Christmas " .
Its follow @-@ up , a rendition of " Baby , It 's Cold Outside " , features Ronnie Dunn .
Dedicated to Blackstock , the song accounts her holiday after meeting him .
The tenth track , " White Christmas " , was the first song to be recorded for Wrapped in Red .
A cover of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's " My Favorite Things " follows up as the eleventh track .
That 's what this is intended to be @-@ an album launched this year but timeless and genre @-@ defying .
A international promotion campaign was also planned for Clarkson , but was later halted due her pregnancy .
Three days after , " Underneath the Tree " premiered on Clarkson 's Vevo channel .
NBC 's premiere broadcast of the special was seen by 5 @.@ 31 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .
Clarkson had also promoted Wrapped in Red in various televised performances , all of which she was dressed in red attire .
AllMusic 's senior editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave it a three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars .
She added , " She starts gently on " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas " before belting out the money notes .
Wrapped in Red became a commercial success in the United States .
Wrapped in Red also debuted three other different charts , most notably at the top of the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart .
For nine consecutive weeks , it stayed in the top ten of the Billboard 200 , the most by any studio album by Clarkson .
Internationally , Wrapped in Red had a relatively limited commercial performance .
All tracks were produced by Greg Kurstin , with vocal production on " Every Christmas " made by Jason Halbert .
Tracks from the concert DVD were filmed from the television special Kelly Clarkson 's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale .
Credits lifted from the album 's liner notes .
Because of the uncertain nature of the storm , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) did not classify it as a tropical cyclone .
Heavy rain from the developing storm contributed to significant flooding in South Carolina .
Much of the rest of the East Coast was affected by high winds , coastal flooding , and beach erosion .
Because of the warm weather pattern that contributed to the storm 's development , precipitation was limited to rain .
Two people were killed , and damage amounted to at least $ 21 million .
The original low passed along the south shore of Long Island , and made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
Subsequently , it moved over southeastern New York State .
Over 5 inches ( 130 mm ) of rainfall was reported , while winds brought down trees and ripped awnings .
In addition , the coast suffered the effects of beach erosion .
Thousands of electric customers in the state lost power .
As a result of the heavy rainfall , several dams became overwhelmed by rising waters .
Extensive flooding of roads and highways was reported , many of which were closed as a result .
Up to 3 feet ( 0 @.@ 91 m ) of water flooded some homes in the region .
Approximately 300 people in Florence County were forced to evacuate because of the flooding , and at least 200 homes were damaged .
Two deaths were reported in the state .
Total damage in South Carolina amounted to at least $ 4 million .
Strong winds occurred along the North Carolina coast .
On Wrightsville Beach , rough surf eroded an 8 @-@ foot ( 2 @.@ 4 m ) ledge into the beach .
On Carolina Beach , dunes were breached and some roads , including portions of North Carolina Highway 12 , were closed .
As the primary storm entered New England , the secondary low produced minor coastal flooding in the Tidewater region of Virginia on December 23 .
In Sandbridge , Virginia Beach , Virginia , a beachfront home collapsed into the sea .
Several roads throughout the region suffered minor flooding .
The fire , quickly spread by the wind , burned a field .
The winds brought down several trees .
Damage was light in Maryland .
Some sand dunes and wooden structures were damaged , and above @-@ normal tides occurred .
In New Jersey , high winds caused power outages and knocked down trees and power lines .
Minor coastal flooding of streets and houses was reported .
Otherwise , damage in the state was minor .
The storm brought heavy rainfall and high winds to New York State and New York City on December 23 and 24 .
Several homes , in addition to many cars , sustained damage .
Roughly 112 @,@ 000 Long Island Lighting Company customers experienced power outages at some point during the storm .
As the cyclone progressed northward into New York State , high winds occurred in the Hudson Valley region .
Throughout Columbia , Ulster and Rensselaer Counties , trees , tree limbs , and power lines were downed by the winds .
At Stephentown , a gust of 58 miles per hour ( 93 km / h ) was reported .
Ulster County suffered substantial impacts , with large trees being uprooted and striking homes .
Across eastern New York State , 25 @,@ 000 households lost power as a result of the nor 'easter .
On the North Fork of Long Island , in Southold , a seaside home partially collapsed into the water .
In Connecticut , the storm was described as being more significant than anticipated .
Trees , tree limbs , and power lines were downed , causing damage to property and vehicles .
The high winds caused widespread power outages , affecting up to 130 @,@ 000 electric customers .
As a result , electric companies sought help from as far as Pennsylvania and Maine to restore electricity .
Bruno Ranniello , a spokesman for Northeast Utilities , reported that " We 've had outages in virtually every community .
One of the barges traveled across the Long Island Sound and ran aground near Port Jefferson , New York .
Effects were less severe in New Hampshire and Vermont .
In southern New Hampshire , a line of thunderstorms produced torrential rainfall , causing flooding on parts of New Hampshire Route 13 .
Flash flooding of several tributaries feeding into the Piscataquog River was reported .
In Maine , the storm brought high winds and heavy rain .
Along the coast of southern Maine and New Hampshire , beach erosion was reported .
Additionally , minor flooding was reported across the region , as a result of heavy surface runoff and small ice jams .
Throughout the state , approximately 40 @,@ 000 customers were without electric power .
As with Massachusetts , downed trees and property damage were widespread .
There were many reports of roof shingles being blown off roofs and of damage to gutters .
In Warwick , several small boats were damaged after being knocked into other boats .
The highest reported wind gust in the state was 74 miles per hour ( 119 km / h ) at Ashaway , Rhode Island .
Statewide damage totaled about $ 5 million .
Massachusetts , particularly Cape Cod and Nantucket , bore the brunt of the nor 'easter .
The winds left 30 @,@ 000 electric customers without power during the storm , primarily in the eastern part of the state .
Power was out for some as long as 48 hours .
Property damage was widespread and many trees , signs , and billboards were blown down .
A large tent used by the New England Patriots was ripped and blown off its foundation .
The winds also spread a deadly house fire in North Attleboro .
Although not directly related to the storm , it caused seven fatalities .
Because tides were low , little coastal flooding occurred .
Outside the Prudential Tower Center in Boston , the storm toppled a 50 @-@ foot ( 15 m ) Christmas tree .
Total damage in Massachusetts was estimated at about $ 5 million .
Hema Malini and Jaya Bhaduri also star , as Veeru and Jai 's love interests .
Sholay is considered a classic and one of the best Indian films .
After the Central Board of Film Certification mandated the removal of several violent scenes , Sholay was released with a length of 198 minutes .
It broke records for continuous showings in many theatres across India , and ran for more than five years at Mumbai 's Minerva theatre .
By some accounts , Sholay is the highest grossing Indian film of all time , adjusted for inflation .
The combined sales of the original soundtrack , scored by R.
Burman , and the dialogues ( released separately ) , set new sales records .
The film 's dialogues and certain characters became extremely popular , contributing to numerous cultural memes and becoming part of India 's daily vernacular .
The two thieves thwart the dacoits sent by Gabbar to extort the villagers .
Soon afterwards , Gabbar and his goons attack Ramgarh during the festival of Holi .
In a tough battle , Veeru and Jai are cornered .
Thakur , although he has a gun within his reach , does not help them .
Veeru and Jai fight back and the bandits flee .
The two are , however , upset at Thakur 's inaction , and consider leaving the village .
He had concealed the dismemberment by always wearing a shawl .
Living in Ramgarh , the jovial Veeru and cynical Jai find themselves growing fond of the villagers .
Skirmishes between Gabbar 's gang and Jai @-@ Veeru finally result in the capture of Veeru and Basanti by the dacoits .
Jai attacks the gang , and the three are able to flee Gabbar 's hideout with dacoits in pursuit .
Fighting from behind a rock , Jai and Veeru nearly run out of ammunition .
Veeru , unaware that Jai was wounded in the gunfight , is forced to leave for more ammunition .
Veeru returns , and Jai dies in his arms .
Enraged , Veeru attacks Gabbar 's den and catches the dacoit .
Veeru nearly beats Gabbar to death when Thakur appears and reminds Veeru of the promise to hand over Gabbar alive .
Thakur uses his spike @-@ soled shoes to severely injure Gabbar and destroy his hands .
The police then arrive and arrest Gabbar .
After Jai 's funeral , Veeru leaves Ramgarh and finds Basanti waiting for him on the train .
Radha is left alone again .
The idea for Sholay began as a four @-@ line snippet which screenwriter pair Salim @-@ Javed told G.
Sippy and Ramesh Sippy ; two other producer / director teams had earlier rejected the idea .
Ramesh Sippy liked the concept and hired them to develop it .
Salim @-@ Javed completed the script in one month , incorporating names and personality traits of their friends and acquaintances .
The real @-@ life Soorma eventually threatened to press charges when people who had viewed the film began referring to him as a woodcutter .
The main characters ' names , Jai and Veeru , mean " victory " and " heroism " in Hindi .
The book was written by Taroon Kumar Bhaduri , the father of fellow cast member Jaya Bhaduri .
As cast members had read the script ahead of time , many were interested in playing different parts .
Pran was considered for the role of Thakur Baldev Singh , but Sippy thought Sanjeev Kumar was a better choice .
Initially , Dharmendra was also interested to play the role of Thakur .
Dharmendra knew that Kumar was also interested in Malini .
During the film 's production , four of the leads became romantically involved .
Bachchan married Bhaduri four months before filming started .
This led to shooting delays when Bhaduri became pregnant with their daughter Shweta .
By the time of the film 's release , she was pregnant with their son Abhishek .
The couple married five years after the film 's release .
Much of Sholay was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara , a town near Bangalore , Karnataka .
The filmmakers had to build a road from the Bangalore highway to Ramanagara for convenient access to the sets .
Art director Ram Yedekar had an entire township built on the site .
One part of Ramanagara was for a time called " Sippy Nagar " as a tribute to the director of the film .
One reason for its high cost was that Sippy re @-@ filmed scenes many times to get his desired effect .
Sholay was the first Indian film to have a stereophonic soundtrack and to use the 70 mm widescreen format .
It was definitely a differentiator .
The director 's original cut of Sholay has a different ending in which Thakur kills Gabbar , along with some additional violent scenes .
The Censor Board was concerned about the violence , and that viewers may be influenced to violate the law by punishing people severely .
The censored theatrical version was the only one seen by audiences for fifteen years .
Since then , Eros International has released two versions on DVD .
Banerjea argues during the film , the moral boundary between legality and criminality gradually erodes .
Madhava Prasad states that Jai and Veeru represent a marginalised population that is introduced into conventional society .
Banerjea explains that though Jai and Veeru are mercenaries , they are humanised by their emotional needs .
Such dualism makes them vulnerable , in contrast to the pure evil of Gabbar Singh .
Gabbar Singh , the film 's antagonist , was well received by the audience , despite his pervasive sadistic cruelty .
He notes that the picturisation of violence in the film was glamourised and uninhibited .
It becomes the battleground where good and evil compete for supremacy .
Taken together , these elements comprise the allegorical representation of India .
Ted Shen of the Chicago Reader notes Sholay 's " hysterical visual style " and intermittent " populist message " .
Some scholars have indicated that Sholay contains homosocial themes .
Ted Shen describes the male bonding shown in the film as bordering on camp style .
Burman composed the film 's music , and the lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi .
The songs used in the film , and released on the original soundtrack are listed below .
Following that is a list of unused tracks and dialogues which were released later on an updated soundtrack .
The song " Mehbooba Mehbooba " was sung by its composer , R.
Burman , who received his sole Filmfare Award nomination for playback singing for his effort .
Several songs from the soundtrack were included in the annual Binaca Geetmala list of top filmi songs .
The producers were thus prompted to release records with only dialogue .
Chatterji said , " Sholay offers a model lesson on how sound can be used to signify the terror a character evokes .
Due to lacklustre reviews and a lack of effective visual marketing tools , it saw poor financial returns in its first two weeks .
From the third week , however , viewership picked up owing to positive word of mouth .
When business picked up , they abandoned this idea .
After being helped additionally by a soundtrack release containing dialogue snippets , Sholay soon became an " overnight sensation " .
It was shown continuously at Mumbai 's Minerva theatre for over five years .
Exact figures are not available on the budget and box office earnings of Sholay , but film trade websites provide estimates of its success .
Initial critical reviews of Sholay were negative .
Among contemporary critics , K.L.
Amladi of India Today called the film a " dead ember " and " a gravely flawed attempt " .
Trade journals and columnists initially called the film a flop .
In their obituary of the producer G.P.
Sippy , the New York Times said that Sholay " revolutionized Hindi filmmaking and brought true professionalism to Indian script writing " .
Sholay was nominated for nine Filmfare Awards , but the only winner was M.
Shinde , who won the award for Best Editing .
Sholay has received many " Best Film " honours .
It was an early and most definitive masala film , and a trend @-@ setter for " multi @-@ star " films .
These and other popular dialogues entered the people 's daily vernacular .
Characters and dialogues from the film continue to be referred to and parodied in popular culture .
Major and minor characters continue to be used in commercials , promos , films and sitcoms .
Amjad Khan acted in many villainous roles later in his career .
Comedian Jagdeep , who played Soorma Bhopali in the film , attempted to use his Sholay success to create a spinoff .
Because of television and home media , Sholay is widely available and still popular .
Sholay has been the subject of two books and many articles .
Sholay has been labelled by Chopra as the gold standard in Indian cinema , and a reference point for audiences and trade analysts .
Indian film history can be divided into Sholay BC and Sholay AD " .
The film 's premiere in the country was held in Karachi .
Filmmaker Ketan Mehta 's company Maya Digital was responsible for converting Sholay into the 3D format .
Mehta was approached by G.
The theatrical trailer and release date were unveiled by the original script @-@ writers Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar .
The two original leads , Bachchan and Dharmendra , were also involved in promoting the re @-@ release .
The film was released in 1 @,@ 000 screens in India , and additional screens overseas .
He returned to training after surgery and chemotherapy , but died on 10 August that year .
A foundation in his name was posthumously set up by his family to provide sporting opportunities and raise awareness of colorectal cancer .
He has posthumously been featured on a Flybe airliner livery and tourist currency in Exeter .
Stansfield was born in Plymouth , Devon , as the third of four children , and supported Nottingham Forest .
He wrote that " I had the pleasure of interviewing Adam on a regular basis ...
Stansfield 's first club was Evesham Colts under @-@ 10s .
He played at county level for Worcestershire , Leicestershire and Devon .
When his family settled back in Devon he joined Twyford Spartans , scoring 84 goals in 54 matches .
His siblings joined the Royal Air Force and he thought of joining them , but continued searching for a breakthrough in professional football .
It was later confirmed to be a break of the tibia and fibula .
He was given a rare start in that match as first @-@ choice forward Kevin Gall was away with Wales under @-@ 21 .
In that match , he came on in the 77th minute for Daniel Carey @-@ Bertram , who had also scored two .
Hereford reached the promotion play @-@ offs , where they lost in the semi @-@ finals to Stevenage .
Stansfield earned five caps and scored one goal for the England national semi @-@ professional team .
Stansfield played in two matches as England won the tournament with three wins .
Later that month , Stansfield underwent surgery to remove part of his colon .
Club vice @-@ chairman Julian Tagg reported that the operation was successful , and that Stansfield appeared happy and was making jokes .
He joined the Exeter squad for the first day of pre @-@ season training in July , appearing weak from chemotherapy .
Exeter retired his shirt number 9 for nine seasons .
A private family service was held later .
Stansfield continues to be remembered by fans of Exeter .
The foundation also aims to increase awareness of bowel cancer .
He fired the President of TOT for questioning an 800 million baht donation that the agency made to the Army .
His NDC thesis concerned the role of military forces in the control of illegal narcotics .
His NDC classmates included Kraisi Karnasuta , governor of state energy company EGAT .
He claims to have fought 200 battles during the course of his military career .
General Pongsak had been criticized for ineffectually fighting the South Thailand insurgency , after 39 successful arson attacks occurred in just one night .
Analysts had expected Prime Minister Thaksin to promote his own classmates from AFAPS Class 10 to the powerful position instead .
At the same time , also in a surprise move , Deputy Army Commander Sonthi Boonyaratkalin was promoted to Army Commander .
He also claimed that Thailand had a false democracy .
He denied that such criticism constituted military interference in politics .
In the weeks leading up to coup , Saprang openly mobilised soldiers and northern residents to rebel against the government .
That same night , he was appointed assistant Secretary @-@ General of the CNS .
The coup was executed just a week before the announcement of the Army 's annual reshuffle .
A week after the coup , Saprang was promoted to Assistant Army Commander , alongside fellow coup leader Anupong Paochinda .
His predecessor , General Pornchai Kranlert , had not taken part in the coup and was transferred to an inactive position .
Saprang was also promoted from Lieutenant General to General .
Saprang transferred TOT President Somkuan Bruminhent to an inactive position and appointed Vuthiphong new President .
He then hand @-@ picked all 10 other directors .
Saprang noted in an interview that , " if telecommunication businesses are in private hands , the country won 't be safe .
The new strategy was expected to increase political and business tensions .
However , it had never exercised those rights in the past .
He immediately accused the Army of using the TOT as an unmonitored slush fund .
He claimed that an unnamed Army unit had requested that TOT buy it 800 million baht worth of electronic equipment .
Saprang denied that there was any lack of transparency in the request for financial support .
Vuthipong claimed that the equipment should only have cost 30 million baht , not 800 million baht .
He was fired and expelled from the Board soon after refusing to sign off on the deal .
The Board later appointed Col.
Natee Sukolrat as the new TOT President and accepted the army 's donation request .
Under his leadership , TOT 's performance dropped .
Fixed line revenue dropped 16 % , while public telephone and international call revenue by 30 % each .
PTV was established by several ex @-@ executives of the Thai Rak Thai party .
CAT Telecom claimed that it never received PTV 's application for internet access .
Thai Mobile had accumulated significant losses and the company was not able to make its debt payments or supplier payments .
After no payment , it delivered on its threat .
TOT was subsequently able to negotiate with Samart to restart the service .
Police Commissioner General Seripisut Temiyavej was appointed as an AoT Director .
Saprang also refused to authorize urgent repairs on the airport tarmac , despite warnings from engineers .
Stopping the blood flow now is more urgent and important than debating what caused the injury .
The IATA also suggested that AoT deploy its own security staff instead of contracting out the job to the Loxley @-@ ICTS consortium .
Six months later , AoT stated that it still couldn 't make up its mind on how it should improve airport security .
AoT said it was open to all possible options , and has taken no action to upgrade the problem .
The travel agent along received a 500 @,@ 000 baht commission fee for booking the trip .
Saprang denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was the victim of a smear campaign .
Saprang then summoned the leader of the AoT labor union in order to identify who leaked information about the trip to his accusers .
The AoT board also granted 200 million baht to the Army , which had requested a financial donation .
AoT also lent some of its explosives detectors to the Army for use in the South Thailand insurrection .
King Power 's concession was suspended while the case was in court , forcing AOT to stop reporting earnings from the concessionaire .
He also accused Thaksin of spying on the military while he was Prime Minister .
They could only challenge the monarchy over my dead body .
Saprang ordered a military investigation into the matter .
The results have not been made public .
Saprang claimed that " the evidence and intelligence information proves that the bombs were the dirty work of politicians who lost power and benefits .
Bad soldiers loyal to bad politicians collaborated with them with the intention to topple this government .
He said he could not disclose any further information , but told the public to connect the dots themselves .
Days later , a bomb exploded outside of Chitrlada Palace .
The newspaper identified Saprang as the unnamed CNS member .
Saprang 's brother , Chienchuang , was a key financial advisor to Prachai Liaophairat , the estranged founder of TPI .
Academics hired by the CNS included Wuttipong Piebjriya @-@ wat , Sophon Supapong , Narong Phet @-@ prasert , and Somkiat Osotspa .
Saprang was an extremely vocal critic of those who he perceived as his political opponents .
He said that it was necessary to shoot the dog with a machine gun .
He urged decisive action , so that the public would believe that good had triumphed over evil .
The Asia Times quoted a former MP as saying that " Anupong is seen as the real force behind the coup .
Saprang is more vocal , but he has no real base .
The only way he could be seen as a promising leader is by pushing the country to the brink .
Saprang also held the opinion that military coups against the government " should never be ruled out .
A replacement constitution was , at the time of Saprang 's statement , being drafted by a military appointed panel .
If only a half @-@ step , then Anupong .
Sonthi was , after resignation , appointed Deputy Prime Minister .
Saprang was transferred to become Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Defense .
Bannawit denied that his own transfer was the result of his criticism of Saprang 's transfer .
Bannawit then announced that he would resign from the military and enter politics .
There was also rampant speculation that Saprang himself would resign and enter politics .
Sri was the eldest of the 8 children of Phraya Sucharitraksa , ruler ( Chao Muang ) of the northern border city of Tak .
The Kalayanamitrs are a military aristocratic family with Chinese ( Hokkien ) -Northern Thai roots .
Saprang has evoked his aristocratic background in order to increase his credibility in public confrontations .
For the 26th Grammy Awards the Academy replaced the category with awards for Best Video , Short Form , and Best Video Album .
Storytelling Giants is a collection of Talking Heads ' music videos and additional material linking them together .
Hadji Ali ( c .
Although never gaining wide fame , Ali had a dedicated following on the vaudeville circuit in the United States .
He performed for heads of state including Tsar Nicholas II of Russia .
Judy Garland named him her favorite vaudevillian and David Blaine identified Ali as his favorite magician .
After he died in England , his body was offered to Johns Hopkins University for study , though the offer was declined .
Ali became aware as a child that he possessed an unusual gastric ability .
He explained in response to audience questions at a performance held at St.
He continued to develop and refine the ability as he grew older .
Instead of dying , as those present thought he might , Ali simply regurgitated the liquid and the fish without ill effect .
A cafe proprietor saw me doing this one day , and chased me down the street .
Finally , he was so delighted that he asked me to come to his cafe and entertain the customers .
Taking his abilities on the road , Ali met an Italian man in Cairo who signed him to a contract for music hall performances .
Ali performed under contract throughout Europe and at times for heads of state .
They performed together at fairs , carnivals and in vaudeville , sometimes advertised under the collective name , " Hadji Ali & Co .
Ali has been described as a " large , barrel @-@ chested and bearded man ...
Although Ali spoke a number of languages and became a naturalized U.S.
Once he had gained some notoriety , Ali took on as his manager Hubert Julian , a former colonel in the Abyssinian Air Force .
The mainstay of Ali 's act was " water spouting " .
Ali then brought them up one by one with the odd @-@ nut @-@ out produced at a mark called out by the audience .
Ali 's longstanding finale was the swallowing of copious amounts of water again , but this time followed by a pint of kerosene .
Sometimes Ali would stroll into the audience during his nut swallowing trick .
The abilities of Ali fascinated the public and medical authorities .
Ali also had a bit part as the " Turkish landlord " in Warner Bros.
The documentary has since aired on the Public Broadcasting Service 's American Masters series numerous times .
This claim appeared in a poster advertising Ali 's impending appearance at a theater during his lifetime .
After Ali 's death was reported , the rumor resurfaced as an active offer of $ 10 @,@ 000 .
For the next two years the war continued as British forces and their allies drove the Mysore armies back towards the capital of Seringapatam .
The Mysorean forces were supplied through Mangalore by French ships .
The squadron consisted of Cornwallis in HMS Minerva , Captain Sir Richard Strachan in HMS Phoenix and HMS Perseverance under Captain Isaac Smith .
Strachan was unsurprised at the French reaction , and returned fire immediately , the proximity of the ships preventing any manoeuvres .
French losses eventually totalled 25 men killed and 60 wounded , Strachan suffering just six killed and 11 wounded in return .
The French officer however refused , insisting that he and his ship were treated as prisoners of war .
The action had no effect on the ongoing war in India , which was now centred on the inland city of Seringapatam .
The album explores the theme of female sexuality and has been described as introspective or even sad in parts .
The record was seen generally as critically and commercially successful .
The lead single is " Powerless ( Say What You Want ) " and the second single is the ballad " Try " .
The album was not as successful as her debut , partly due to the album 's less " poppy " sound .
Furtado 's recording contract was then absorbed into Geffen Records .
She worked with Nellee Hooper in London on reggae @-@ oriented material and with Lester Mendez in Los Angeles on acoustic songs .
The song was released on the album , but only Furtado 's vocals are featured .
The " off @-@ the @-@ cuff " conclusion to production was one of the reasons the album was titled Loose .
It was named partly after the spontaneous decisions she made when creating the album .
During the recording of Loose , Furtado listened to several electro and rock musicians , including Bloc Party , System of a Down , M.I.A.
Furtado has said rock music is " rhythmic again " and hip hop @-@ influenced after it had become " so churning and boring .
Furtado said she considers herself " all over the map " and promiscuous musically because she is not faithful to one style .
For the first time , Furtado worked with a variety of record producers and followed a more collaborative approach in creating the album .
Now that I 'm an adult , I care about the inside of me ...
Before I said I didn 't care about what people thought about me , but I really did .
She has characterised the fifth track , " Showtime " , as " a proper R & B slow jam " .
The song contains a " sharp mix " of percussion and " empowered chanting " .
In " No Hay Igual " , Furtado sings in Spanish and raps in Portuguese over a reggaeton rhythm .
The album also features more introspective songs , and The Sunday Times wrote that it " has a surprising sadness to it .
During the same period , " Promiscuous " ( featuring Timbaland ) was released for digital download in North America .
The video for " All Good Things ( Come to an End ) " was released in North America during this period .
The " No Hay Igual " remix featuring Calle 13 was released in Latin America , and the music video debuted in September .
The re @-@ release included bonus content .
During the promotion of Loose , Furtado performed at major music festivals and award shows .
She performed in Canada at the Calgary Stampede , the Ottawa Bluesfest in July , and at the Ovation Music Festival in September .
Furtado described the show as a " full sensory experience " with " a beginning , middle and end ...
Everything else is just to keep it sophisticated and sensual and fun .
It stayed in the top twenty for fifty @-@ seven weeks .
Loose received generally positive reviews from music critics ; it holds an average score of 71 out of 100 at aggregate website Metacritic .
Timbaland has revitalized Nelly Furtado both creatively and commercially with Loose " .
But as songs they 're not much " .
Those are the ideas of Gloria Steinem turning in their grave .
Timbaland used the record of C64 adaptation of the song written by Glenn Rune Gallefoss ( GRG ) .
Timbaland admitted sampling the song , but said that he had no time to research its intellectual owner .
It will require a considerable amount of faith and , of course , money .
I don 't know him from a can of paint .
I 'm 15 years deep .
That 's how you attack a king ?
Come on , man .
You got to come correct .
You the laughing stock .
People are like , ' You can 't be serious .
Credits adapted from the Loose liner notes .
Nigel Worthington , starting his first full season as York manager , made eight permanent summer signings .
This meant York qualified for the play @-@ offs , and they were eliminated in the semi @-@ final by Fleetwood Town .
Defender Ben Davies missed only five of the fifty @-@ two competitive matches played over the season .
Wes Fletcher finished as leading scorer with 13 goals , of which 10 came in league competition and three came in the FA Cup .
The winner of the Clubman of the Year award , voted for by the club 's supporters , was Lanre Oyebanjo .
David McGurk , Lanre Oyebanjo , Danny Parslow , Tom Platt and Chris Smith signed new contracts with the club .
Defender Mike Atkinson and striker Chris Dickinson entered the first @-@ team squad from the youth team after agreeing professional contracts .
York retained the previous season 's home and away kits .
The home kit comprised red shirts with white sleeves , light blue shorts and white socks .
The away kit included light blue shirts with white sleeves , white shorts and light blue socks .
Benenden Health continued as shirt sponsors for the second successive season .
Midfielder John McReady , who had been told he had no future with the club , departed after signing for FC Halifax Town .
Taft was sent back to Leicester after he fell behind McGurk , Parslow and Smith in the pecking order for a central defensive berth .
Defender Luke O 'Neill was signed from Burnley on a 28 @-@ day emergency loan .
Cresswell retired from playing as a result of an eye complaint and a knee injury .
Striker Shaq McDonald , who had been released by Peterborough United , was signed on a contract until the end of the season .
Davies ' loan was extended , while Brobbel and Whitehouse returned to their parent clubs .
Lowe was subsequently signed permanently from Cheltenham on a two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year contract for an undisclosed fee .
Having been allowed to leave the club on a free transfer , Ashley Chambers signed for Conference Premier club Cambridge United .
Pope returned to York on loan from Charlton for the remainder of the season .
Preston winger Will Hayhurst , a Republic of Ireland under @-@ 21 international , was signed on a one @-@ month loan .
Shortly after the match , Smith left the club by mutual consent to pursue first @-@ team football .
Hayhurst 's loan was extended to the end of the season , having impressed in his six appearances for the club .
Middlesbrough winger Brobbel rejoined on loan until the end of the season , following an injury to Carson .
The result meant York opened up a five @-@ point lead over eighth @-@ placed Oxford with two fixtures remaining .
Davies made the highest number of appearances over the season , appearing in 47 of York 's 52 matches .
Fletcher was York 's top scorer in the league and in all competitions , with 10 league goals and 13 in total .
He was the only player to reach double figures , and was followed by Jarvis with nine goals .
Bowman and Oyebanjo left to sign for Torquay and Crawley Town respectively while Coulson signed a new contract with the club .
League positions are sourced by Statto , while the remaining information is referenced individually .
Brackets around club names denote the player 's contract with that club had expired before he joined York .
Brackets around club names denote the player joined that club after his York contract expired .
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute .
Players with names struck through and marked left the club during the playing season .
Players with names in italics and marked * were on loan from another club for the whole of their season with York .
Players listed with no appearances have been in the matchday squad but only as unused substitutes .
Antimony is a chemical element with symbol Sb ( from Latin : stibium ) and atomic number 51 .
A lustrous gray metalloid , it is found in nature mainly as the sulfide mineral stibnite ( Sb2S3 ) .
The industrial methods to produce antimony are roasting and reduction using carbon or direct reduction of stibnite with iron .
Alloying lead and tin with antimony improves the properties of the alloys which are used in solders , bullets and plain bearings .
Antimony compounds are prominent additives for chlorine and bromine @-@ containing fire retardants found in many commercial and domestic products .
An emerging application is the use of antimony in microelectronics .
Antimony is in the nitrogen group ( group 15 ) and has an electronegativity of 2 @.@ 05 .
As expected from periodic trends , it is more electronegative than tin or bismuth , and less electronegative than tellurium or arsenic .
Antimony is stable in air at room temperature , but reacts with oxygen if heated , to form antimony trioxide , Sb2O3 .
Antimony is a silvery , lustrous gray metalloid that has a Mohs scale hardness of 3 .
Antimony is resistant to attack by acids .
Four allotropes of antimony are known : a stable metallic form and three metastable forms ( explosive , black and yellow ) .
Elemental antimony is a brittle , silver @-@ white shiny metalloid .
When slowly cooled , molten antimony crystallizes in a trigonal cell , isomorphic with the gray allotrope of arsenic .
A rare explosive form of antimony can be formed from the electrolysis of antimony trichloride .
Black antimony is formed upon rapid cooling of vapor derived from metallic antimony .
It has the same crystal structure as red phosphorus and black arsenic , it oxidizes in air and may ignite spontaneously .
The yellow allotrope of antimony is the most unstable .
Above this temperature and in ambient light , this metastable allotrope transforms into the more stable black allotrope .
Elemental antimony adopts a layered structure ( space group R3m No.
It also has 35 radioisotopes , of which the longest @-@ lived is 125Sb with a half @-@ life of 2 @.@ 75 years .
In addition , 29 metastable states have been characterized .
The most stable of these is 120m1Sb with a half @-@ life of 5 @.@ 76 days .
Even though this element is not abundant , it is found in over 100 mineral species .
Antimony is sometimes found natively ( e.g.
Antimony compounds are often classified according to their oxidation state : Sb ( III ) and Sb ( V ) .
The + 5 oxidation state is more stable .
Transition metal antimonites are also known .
Dehydrating metal salts containing this anion yields mixed oxides .
Antimony pentasulfide is non @-@ stoichiometric and features antimony in the + 3 oxidation state and S @-@ S bonds .
Oxyhalides are more common for antimony than arsenic and phosphorus .
The alkali metal and zinc antimonides , such as Na3Sb and Zn3Sb2 , are more reactive .
Stibine can also be produced by treating Sb3 + salts with hydride reagents such as sodium borohydride.Stibine decomposes spontaneously at room temperature .
Because stibine has a positive heat of formation , it is thermodynamically unstable and thus antimony does not react with hydrogen directly .
Organoantimony compounds are typically prepared by alkylation of antimony halides with Grignard reagents .
Pentacoordinated organoantimony compounds are common , examples being Sb ( C6H5 ) 5 and several related halides .
The Roman scholar Pliny the Elder described several ways of preparing antimony sulfide for medical purposes in his treatise Natural History .
The Roman naturalist Pedanius Dioscorides mentioned that antimony sulfide could be roasted by heating by a current of air .
It is thought that this produced metallic antimony .
In this context Agricola has been often incorrectly credited with the discovery of metallic antimony .
This procedure produced antimony with a crystalline or starred surface .
The ancient words for antimony mostly have , as their chief meaning , kohl , the sulfide of antimony .
Later Latin authors adapted the word to Latin as stibium .
The medieval Latin form , from which the modern languages and late Byzantine Greek take their names for antimony , is antimonium .
The origin of this is uncertain ; all suggestions have some difficulty either of form or interpretation .
Xikuangshan Mine in Hunan province has the largest deposits in China with an estimated deposit of 2 @.@ 1 million metric tons .
No significant antimony deposits in China have been developed for about ten years , and the remaining economic reserves are being rapidly depleted .
According to statistics from the USGS , current global reserves of antimony will be depleted in 13 years .
However , the USGS expects more resources will be found .
The extraction of antimony from ores depends on the quality of the ore and composition of the ore .
This material is often used directly for the main applications , impurities being arsenic and sulfide .
The lower @-@ grade ores are reduced in blast furnaces while the higher @-@ grade ores are reduced in reverberatory furnaces .
Antimony is mainly used as its trioxide in making flame @-@ proofing compounds .
It is nearly always used in combination with halogenated flame retardants , with the only exception being in halogen @-@ containing polymers .
Markets for these flame @-@ retardant applications include children 's clothing , toys , aircraft and automobile seat covers .
It is also used in the fiberglass composites industry as an additive to polyester resins for such items as light aircraft engine covers .
The resin will burn while a flame is held to it but will extinguish itself as soon as the flame is removed .
Antimony forms a highly useful alloy with lead , increasing its hardness and mechanical strength .
For most applications involving lead , varying amounts of antimony are used as alloying metal .
Three other applications make up nearly all the rest of the consumption .
One of these uses is as a stabilizer and a catalyst for the production of polyethyleneterephthalate .
The third major application is the use as pigment .
Indium antimonide is used as a material for mid @-@ infrared detectors .
Few biological or medical applications exist for antimony .
Treatments principally containing antimony are known as antimonials and are used as emetics .
Antimony compounds are used as antiprotozoan drugs .
It was subsequently replaced by praziquantel .
Antimony has a nourishing or conditioning effect on keratinized tissues , at least in animals .
Antimony @-@ based drugs , such as meglumine antimoniate , are also considered the drugs of choice for treatment of leishmaniasis in domestic animals .
Elemental antimony as an antimony pill was once used as a medicine .
It could be reused by others after ingestion and elimination .
In the heads of some safety matches , antimony ( III ) sulfide is used .
The emitted neutrons have an average energy of 24 keV .
Antimony sulfides have been shown to help stabilize the friction coefficient in automotive brake pad materials .
Antimony also is used in the making of bullets and bullet tracers .
This element is also used in paint and glass art crafts and as opacifier in enamel .
The effects of antimony and its compounds on human and environmental health differ widely .
The massive antimony metal does not affect human and environmental health .
However , these effects are only observed with female rats and after long @-@ term exposure to high dust concentrations .
Antimony chlorides are corrosive to skin .
Antimony ( V ) is not quantitatively reduced to antimony ( III ) in the cell , and both species exist simultaneously .
Antimony is mainly excreted from the human body via urine .
Prolonged skin contact with antimony dust may cause dermatitis .
Antimony dust may also be explosive when dispersed in the air ; when in a bulk solid it is not combustible .
Antimony compounds are used as catalysts for polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) production .
Some studies report minor antimony leaching from PET bottles into liquids , but levels are below drinking water guidelines .
The IDLH ( immediately dangerous to life and health ) value for antimony is 50 mg / m3 .
Born in Glasgow to a middle @-@ class family , Wheeler was raised largely in Yorkshire before relocating to London in his teenage years .
Further , he is widely acclaimed as a major figure in the establishment of South Asian archaeology .
Initially working as a lecturer in English literature , Robert turned to journalism after his first wife died in childbirth .
Their marriage was emotionally strained , a situation exacerbated by their financial insecurity .
Within two years of their son 's birth , the family moved to Edinburgh , where a daughter named Amy was born .
The couple gave their two children nicknames , with Mortimer being " Boberic " and Amy being " Totsy " .
When Wheeler was four , his father was appointed chief leader writer for the Bradford Observer .
Wheeler was inspired by the moors surrounding Saltaire and fascinated by the area 's archaeology .
Robert acquired many books for his son , particularly on the subject of art history , with Wheeler loving to both read and paint .
At UCL , he was taught by the prominent classicist A.
During his undergraduate studies , he became editor of the Union Magazine , for which he produced a number of illustrated cartoons .
This interlude had adversely affected his classical studies , and he received a second class BA on graduating .
The prominent archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans doubled the amount of money that went with the studentship .
Although preferring solitary to group activities , Wheeler found that he greatly enjoyed soldiering .
For the next seven months , he was posted as an instructor in the University of London Officer Training Corps .
There , he was immediately placed in command of an artillery battery , replacing a major who had been poisoned by mustard gas .
Throughout , he maintained correspondences with his wife , his sister Amy , and his parents .
After the Allied victory in the battle , the brigade was transferred to Italy .
Here , Wheeler was engaged in artillery fire for several months , before the British went on the offensive in August .
On returning to London , Wheeler moved into a top @-@ floor flat near Gordon Square with his wife and child .
He returned to working for the Royal Commission , examining and cataloguing the historic structures of Essex .
In doing so , he developed a reputation as a Roman archaeologist in Britain .
This had ceased during the conflict and the edifice was left abandoned during Cardiff 's post @-@ war economic slump .
According to the later archaeologist Lydia C.
Wheeler published the results of his excavation in The Roman Fort Near Brecon .
He then began excavations at Isca Augusta , a Roman site in Caerleon , where he focused on revealing the Roman amphitheatre .
In doing so , he emphasised the folkloric and legendary associations that the site had with King Arthur .
Wheeler applied to take on the role of his replacement , providing supportive testimonials from Charles Reed Peers , Robert Bosanquet , and H.
Although he had no prior museum experience , he was successful in his application and was appointed Director .
He then employed a close friend , Cyril Fox , to take on the vacated position of Keeper of Archaeology .
Upon the retirement of the Keeper of the London Museum , Harmon Oates , Wheeler was invited to fill the vacancy .
Carr later commented that together , the Wheelers " professionalized the London Museum " .
Soon after joining the museum , Wheeler was elected to the council of the Society of Antiquaries .
Also involved in the largely moribund Royal Archaeological Institute , Wheeler organised its relocation to Lancaster House .
It was during these investigations that Wheeler personally discovered the Lydney Hoard of coinage .
Wheeler had long desired to establish an academic institution devoted to archaeology that could be based in London .
He further described his intention that the Institute should become " a laboratory : a laboratory of archaeological science " .
From there he went via Sinai to Palestine , Lebanon , and Syria .
That winter , his father also died .
They proceeded on a honeymoon to the Middle East .
After a search that had taken several years , Wheeler was able to secure a premises for the Institute of Archaeology : St.
John 's Lodge in Regent 's Park , central London .
Meanwhile , Scott had been placed in charge of an excavation at the smaller nearby hill fort of Kercaradec , near Quimper .
Cole had meanwhile entered into an affair with a man named Clive Entwistle , who lambasted Wheeler as " that whiskered baboon " .
There , Wheeler visited the local kraals to compare them with the settlements of Iron Age Britain .
The ship docked in Aden , where Wheeler and his men again took shore leave .
They soon reached the British @-@ controlled Suez , where they disembarked and were stationed on the shores of the Great Bitter Lake .
There , Wheeler took a brief leave of absence to travel to Jerusalem , where he visited Petrie on his hospital deathbed .
Serving with the Eighth Army , Wheeler was present in North Africa when the Axis armies pushed the Allies back to El Alamein .
On the way he became concerned that the archaeological sites of North Africa were being threatened both by the fighting and the occupying forces .
Gordon Childe , after the war .
He developed a relationship with a woman named Kim Collingridge , and asked her to marry him .
He then toured the subcontinent , seeking to meet all of the Survey 's staff members .
Wheeler became very fond of his students , with one of them , B.
Lal , later commenting that " behind the gruff exterior , Sir Mortimer had a very kind and sympathetic heart " .
Initially focusing on the northwest of the subcontinent , Wheeler was particularly fascinated by the Bronze Age Indus Valley Civilization .
He later led a more detailed excavation at Harappa , where he exposed further fortifications and established a stratigraphy for the settlement .
It has since been alleged that while Wheeler took credit for discovering the significance of this site , it had previously been established by A.
Aiyappan , the Superintendent of the Government Museum in Madras , and the French archaeologist Jouveau Dubreuil , with Wheeler intentionally ignoring their contribution .
Wheeler established a new archaeological journal , Ancient India , planning for it to be published twice a year .
Wheeler married Kim Collingridge in Simla , before he and his wife took part in an Indian Cultural Mission to Iran .
Crossing into Iraq , in Baghdad the team caught a flight back to Delhi .
He further helped smuggle Muslim families out of the city hospital , where they had taken refuge from a violent Hindu mob .
As their relationship had become increasingly strained , his wife had left and returned to Britain .
Instead , he agreed to take up a chair in the Archaeology of the Roman Provinces at the Institute of Archaeology .
Returning to London , Wheeler moved into the Hallam Street flat where his son and daughter @-@ in @-@ law were living .
A year later he moved into his wife 's house in Mallord Street , in an unsuccessful hope of reigniting their relationship .
Taking up his part @-@ time professorship at the Institute of Archaeology , he began to lecture to students almost every day .
Crawford , resigned from the Society in protest , deeming Wheeler to have been a far more appropriate candidate for the position .
Wheeler was nevertheless elected director of the Society .
He nevertheless disliked the country , and in later life exhibited anti @-@ Americanism .
This excavation proved to be the only one for which Wheeler would not write and publish a full excavation report .
His relationship with the Pakistani government had become strained , and so he declined to return to work for them for a third year .
Wheeler had been keen to return to excavation in Britain .
It was a leisurely project which he treated as a seaside holiday .
Kenyon stepped down from the position .
In doing so , Piggott stated , Wheeler helped rid the society of its " self @-@ perpetuating gerontocracy " .
Childe was also retiring from his position of director that year , and Wheeler involved himself in the arguments surrounding who should replace him .
Wheeler vocally opposed the nomination of W.F.
Grimes , deeming his career undistinguished ; instead , he championed Glyn Daniel as a candidate , although ultimately Grimes was selected .
Wheeler became famous in Britain as " the embodiment of popular archaeology through the medium of television " .
Based on the American quiz programme What in the World ?
However , Wheeler is alleged to have prepared for the show by checking beforehand which objects had been temporarily removed from display .
The show proved popular with British audiences , and would air for six more years .
The first was a book on archaeological methodologies , Archaeology from the Earth , which was translated into various languages .
The second was Rome Beyond the Imperial Frontier , discussing evidence for Roman activity at sites like Arikamedu and Segontium .
Here , he undertook test excavations at Charsada to determine a chronology of the site .
Wheeler had also continued his work with museums , campaigning for greater state funding for them .
The BBC staged a public debate with the museum director Frank Francis .
As Honorary Secretary of the British Academy , Wheeler focused on increasing the organisation 's revenues , thus enabling it to expand its remit .
That year , he resigned as Honorary Secretary of the Academy .
The position became a salaried , professional one , with the numismatist Derek Allen taking on the position .
Wheeler attended the event , whose conference proceedings were published as a festschrift for the octogenarian .
The episodes were well received , and Wheeler became a close friend of the show 's producer , David Collison .
In memoriam , the British Academy , Royal Academy , and Royal Society flew their flags at half @-@ mast .
Wheeler was known as " Rik " among friends .
His charm offensives were often condemned as being insincere .
Hence , he has been termed " a benevolent dictator " .
He was meticulous in his writings , and would repeatedly revise and rewrite both pieces for publication and personal letters .
Throughout his life , he was a heavy smoker .
Wheeler expressed the view that he was " the least political of mortals " .
Wheeler was married three times .
He was further known for having casual sex in public places .
This behaviour led to much emotional suffering among his various wives and mistresses , of which he was aware .
Wheeler has been termed " the most famous British archaeologist of the twentieth century " by archaeologists Gabriel Moshenska and Tim Schadla @-@ Hall .
On Wheeler 's death , H.D.
She believed that he had " a daemonic energy " , with his accomplishments in India being " almost superhuman " .
Allosaurus was originally described from material from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of the western United States of America ; the type species A.
Since the description of Allosaurus , scientists have proposed additional species from such far @-@ flung locales as Portugal , Siberia , and Tanzania .
Because of this , several scientists have noted that the type specimen , and thus the genus Allosaurus itself or at least the species A.
In an attempt to fix this situation , Gregory S.
This request is currently pending review .
It is unclear how many species of Allosaurus there were .
In the most recent review of basal tetanuran theropods , only A.
Details of the humerus ( upper arm ) of A.
Paul for giant Morrison allosaur remains , and included in his conception Saurophagus maximus ( later Saurophaganax ) .
Following Paul 's work , this species has been accepted as a synonym of A.
This specimen was assigned to A.
It differs from other species of Allosaurus in cranial details .
However , more material may show it to be A.
Daniel Chure 's work on Morrison allosaurid remains has been responsible , directly or indirectly , for " A.
These remains had been known as Saurophagus , but that name was already in use , leading Chure to propose a substitute .
This reassignment was rejected in the most recent review of basal tetanurans .
The perception that there were two common Allosaurus species in the Morrison Formation was popularized in Gregory S.
A number of species assigned to Allosaurus are no longer recognized as valid , for one reason or another .
He later decided it warranted its own genus , Labrosaurus , but this has not been accepted , and A.
Allosaurus lucaris , is known mostly from vertebrae , sharing characters with Allosaurus .
However , they found that the specimen was undiagnostic , and thus A.
Several species coined in genera other than Allosaurus are also now thought to be synonymous with A.
It is recognized as most likely a specimen of A.
Several species initially classified within or referred to Allosaurus do not belong within the genus .
Gilmore considered the tooth nondiagnostic but transferred it to a new species , Dryptosaurus medius .
The referral was not accepted in the most recent review , and Allosaurus medius was simply listed as a dubious species of theropod .
Riabinin on the basis of a bone , later identified as a partial fourth metatarsal , from the Early Cretaceous of Buryatia , Russia .
With the synonymization of Labrosaurus and Allosaurus , Donald F.
Glut listed it as a species of Allosaurus , but it is now either assigned to Ceratosaurus sp.
There are also several species left over from the synonymizations of Creosaurus and Labrosaurus with Allosaurus .
It is now regarded as a dubious theropod .
The most recent analysis has placed it in Carcharodontosauridae .
It was thought to provide evidence that Australia was a refugium for animals that had gone extinct elsewhere .
This specimen is sometimes referred to as " Allosaurus robustus " , an informal museum name .
It may have belonged to something similar to , or the same as , Australovenator , or it may represent an abelisaur .
Young specimens resemble a puffball when young and unopened .
The false earthstar is an ectomycorrhizal species that grows in association with various trees , especially in sandy soils .
The gleba is white initially , but turns brown and powdery when the spores mature .
Despite a similar overall appearance , A.
Several Asian populations formerly thought to be A.
Research has revealed the presence of several bioactive chemical compounds in the fruit bodies .
North American field guides typically rate A.
According to the American botanist Andrew P.
Despite Morgan 's publication , some authorities in the following decades continued to classify the species in Geastrum .
The only feature of those outlined in which the species differs from others of Geastrum is the somewhat primitive hymenium .
In the developing plant the glebal cavities are separated by tramal plates so tenuous as to be overlooked by the uncritical worker .
This difference disappears as maturity is reached , when plants resemble closely the fructification of any other member of the genus .
Cunningham 's treatment was not followed by later authorities , who largely considered Astraeus a distinct genus .
According to the taxonomical authority MycoBank , synonyms of Astraeus hygrometricus include Lycoperdon stellatus Scop .
The resemblance to Geastrum species ( also known as true earthstars ) accounts for the common name " false earthstar " .
Based on these results , two Asian " hygrometricus " populations have been described as new species : A.
Preliminary DNA analyses suggests that the European A.
A form of the species found in Korea and Japan , A.
As pointed out by Fangfuk and colleagues , clarification of the proper name for this taxon must await analysis of A.
A smooth whitish mycelial layer covers the fruit body , and may be partially encrusted with debris .
This simultaneously pushes the fruit body above ground to reveal a round spore case enclosed in a thin papery endoperidium .
This adaptation enables the fruit body to disperse spores at times of optimum moisture , and reduce evaporation during dry periods .
The gleba becomes brown and powdery as the specimen matures .
Small dark hairlike threads ( rhizomorphs ) extend from the base of the fruit body into the substrate .
The rhizomorphs are fragile , and often break off after maturity .
The spores are spherical or nearly so , reddish @-@ brown , thick @-@ walled and verrucose ( covered with warts and spines ) .
The spores are non @-@ amyloid , and will not stain with iodine from Melzer 's reagent .
The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) are four- to eight @-@ spored , with very short sterigmata .
North American sources describe A.
They are collected from the wild and sold in the markets of India .
Volatile compounds detected after cooking the mushroom samples included furfural , benzaldehyde , cyclohexenone , and furanyl compounds .
The regional differences in opinions on edibility are from sources published before it was known that North American and Asian versions of A.
Unlike Geastrum , the young fruit bodies of A.
Geastrum tends to have its spore sac opening surrounded by a peristome or a disc , in contrast with the single lacerate slit of A.
There are also several microscopic differences : in A.
Despite these differences , older specimens can be difficult to distinguish from Geastrum in the field .
One species of Geastrum , G.
It is found in North America and the Canary Islands .
The spore ornamentation of A.
The upper limit of the spore size of A.
It is known from Korea and Japan .
Astraeus hygrometricus is an ectomycorrhizal fungus and grows in association with a broad range of tree species .
It has also been reported to grow on rocks , preferring acid substrates like slate and granite , while avoiding substrates rich in lime .
In Nepal , fruit bodies have been collected at elevations of 3 @,@ 000 m ( 9 @,@ 800 ft ) .
Fruit bodies typically appear in autumn , although the dry fruit bodies are persistent and may last up to several years .
It has been collected in Africa , Asia , Australia , Europe , North America , and South America .
Mushroom polysaccharides from a number of species have attracted research interest for their immunomodulatory and antitumor properties .
The activation of macrophages by AE2 might be mediated by a mitogen @-@ activated protein kinase pathway of signal transduction .
AE2 is made of the simple sugars mannose , glucose , and fucose in a 1 : 2 : 1 ratio .
The compound has a polyhydroxylated ergostane @-@ type nucleus .
Two Indian forest tribes , the Baiga and the Bharia of Madhya Pradesh , have been reported to use the fruit bodies medicinally .
The spore mass is blended with mustard seed oil , and used as a salve against burns .
Anderson , is an American film director , screenwriter and producer .
Anderson grew up in the San Fernando Valley .
Anderson was involved in filmmaking at a young age and never really had an alternative plan to directing films .
He later started using 8 mm film but realized that video was easier .
He began writing in adolescence , and at 17 years old he began experimenting with a Bolex sixteen millimeter camera .
While at the Sundance Feature Film Program , Anderson already had a deal with Rysher Entertainment to direct his first feature .
Upon completion of the film , Rysher re @-@ edited it .
Reilly contributed the funding .
The version that was released was Anderson 's and the acclaim from the film launched his career .
The script was noticed by New Line Cinema 's president , Michael De Luca , who felt " totally gaga " reading it .
The film revived the career of Burt Reynolds , and provided breakout roles for Mark Wahlberg and Julianne Moore .
Though Anderson initially wanted to make a film that was " intimate and small @-@ scale " , the script " kept blossoming " .
Anderson used the music of Aimee Mann as a basis and inspiration for the film , commissioning her to write eight new songs .
The story centers on a beleaguered small @-@ business owner ( Sandler ) with anger issues and seven emasculating sisters .
A subplot in the film was partly based on David Phillips ( also called The Pudding Guy ) .
Sandler received critical praise for his role in his first major departure from the mainstream comedies that had made him a star .
The budget of the film was $ 25 million , and it earned $ 76 @.@ 1 million worldwide .
Daniel Day @-@ Lewis starred and won an Oscar for Best Leading Actor for his role .
The film received eight nominations overall at the 80th Academy Awards .
Paul Dano received a BAFTA nomination for Best Supporting Actor .
Anderson was nominated for Best Director from the Directors Guild of America .
The film also received eight Academy Award nominations , tying with No Country for Old Men for the most nominations .
An associate of Anderson stated that the idea for the film had been in Anderson 's head for about twelve years .
Though the film makes no reference to the movement , it has " long been widely assumed to be based on Scientology .
Williams and Eric Roberts .
The film received two nominations at the 87th Academy Awards : Anderson for Best Adapted Screenplay and Mark Bridges for Best Costume Design .
Most of the performances were recorded at the 15th @-@ century Mehrangarh Fort in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
In addition to films , Anderson has directed several music videos , including several for musician Fiona Apple .
Anderson is known for films set in the San Fernando Valley with realistically flawed and desperate characters .
Anderson makes frequent use of repetition to build emphasis and thematic consistency .
Within his first three films , Hard Eight , Boogie Nights and Magnolia , Anderson explored themes of dysfunctional families , alienation and loneliness .
Boogie Nights and Magnolia were noted for their large ensemble casts , which Anderson returned to in Inherent Vice .
It was also short , compared to his previous two films , at 90 minutes .
Anderson frequently collaborates with many actors and crew , carrying them over from film to film .
Anderson has referred to his regular actors as " my little rep company " that has included John C.
Reilly , Philip Baker Hall , Julianne Moore , William H.
Macy , Melora Walters , and most prominently , the late Philip Seymour Hoffman .
Hoffman acted in Anderson 's first four films as well as The Master .
Anderson is a rock star , the artist who knows no limits .
It is written in Middle Scots .
However , the appropriateness of the moralitas for the tale itself has been questioned .
The tale combines two motifs .
The moralitas connects the wolf to the wicked man , the fox to the devil , and the husbandman to the godly man .
However , the discussion of legality and the questioning of language that take place alongside these motifs are entirely Henryson 's invention .
A husbandman tilling the fields with his new , untrained oxen is made furious by their wrecking of the land .
In his anger he makes the rash oath that the wolf " mot have you all at anis !
Eventually the oxen calm down , but on the way back home the wolf jumps into their path .
They argue , and the husbandman reproaches the wolf for not having a witness ; in response , he produces the fox .
The creature takes it upon himself to mediate the dispute , and takes each aside in turn .
To the wolf he says that the husbandman has offered an unparalleled block of cheese in exchange for him dropping the case .
The wolf is likened to a wicked man who oppresses others .
The fox is likened to the devil .
The farmer is likened to the godly man , with whom the fiend finds fault .
The woods where the wolf was cheated are corrupting goods that man longs to get .
The cheese represents covetousness ; the well that contains it is fraud and fantasy , which draws men downwards into hell .
Lianne Farber highlights a number of these discrepancies , and says that the allegory " does not hold true in any traditional sense " .
In contrast , Philippa M.
According to Dorothy Yamamoto , the significant themes in the tale are " solidity and vacancy , substance and illusion " .
Through their frequent misuse , words that should convey real value are emptied of meaning .
The Testament of Cresseid & seven fables .
London : Faber and Faber .
He worked his way through the minor leagues , alternating between spots in the rotation and the bullpen .
That offseason , Nathan was traded to the Minnesota Twins and became their closer .
Nathan is currently 8th on the all @-@ time saves list .
Nathan became a two @-@ time Academic All @-@ American and graduating as a member of the Golden Key International Honour Society .
In recognition of this " lead gift " from the Joe Nathan Charitable Foundation , the college named it " Joe Nathan Field .
He began his minor league career in Class A for the Bellingham Giants .
His 12 wins in relief led the majors .
Nathan was hit hard in that series , blowing his only save opportunity .
His team fared no better , winning Game 1 behind Jason Schmidt 's complete game shutout before dropping the next three .
The Giants sent Nathan to the Twins along with pitchers Boof Bonser and Francisco Liriano for catcher A.
Romero and Jesse Crain in spring training .
He started off the season strong , allowing no runs in 20 appearances and earning 14 saves from April 15 to June 4 .
The Twins won the AL Central division and faced the New York Yankees in the ALDS .
His outstanding season earned him MVP and Cy Young votes , finishing fourth for Cy Young and 12th for MVP .
He also had streaks of 13 and 12 consecutive save opportunities converted between April and July .
As a result , Nathan was named the American League Player of the Week for the week of June 27 .
Nathan also became the third pitcher in club history to post consecutive 40 save seasons .
The Twins however missed the playoffs .
He also converted 10 straight save opportunities from April 11 to June 17 .
On June 24 , Nathan recorded his one hundredth career save against the Chicago Cubs , and 99th save with Minnesota .
His 61 games finished were also good for the AL lead and opponents batted just .158 against him , a career high .
With 36 saves in 38 opportunities , Nathan also became the first pitcher for the organization to earn 35 saves in three straight seasons .
He had a stretch between July and August where he gave up just two earned runs and converted all 12 save chances .
Once again despite Nathan 's numbers , he was not picked for the All @-@ Star team .
The Twins however had a disappointing season and missed the playoffs .
Nathan finished the year with 39 saves and a career best 1 @.@ 33 ERA .
He shared honors for the AL Rolaids Relief Man award with Mariano Rivera .
It was the first home run Nathan had allowed with men on base all year .
The Yankees later won the game in the 11th inning and swept the series .
He emptied the container of dirt he took from the Metrodome on the mound at Target Field before pitching .
On April 18 , Nathan was replaced at closer by Matt Capps after going 3 for 5 in save opportunities .
Chuck James was called up to take his place .
Nathan is currently the Minnesota Twins leader in career saves .
TV cameras captured Nathan saying " Wow !
This reunited him with former teammate and fellow ex @-@ Twins great , Torii Hunter along with Rangers teammate Ian Kinsler .
Two days later , Nathan recorded career save number 348 , putting him alone at ninth on the all @-@ time saves list .
On June 9 , Nathan recorded career save 358 , tying him with Troy Percival for 8th on the all @-@ time saves list .
During a rehab start with the Toledo Mud Hens on April 22 , Nathan re @-@ injured his elbow after throwing only 10 pitches .
Sources projected that this surgery could end Nathan 's career , but he was not planning to retire yet .
He was immediately placed on the 60 @-@ day disabled list upon signing to continue recovery from his previous Tommy John surgery .
He pitched one inning and struck out the side , allowing one hit and one walk .
Nathan is married to Lisa ( nee Lemoncelli ) .
They have two children .
The Nathan 's reside in Knoxville , Tennessee in the offseason .
Nathan throws a mix of four pitches .
His main breaking ball is a hard slider in the upper 80s , occasionally even touching 90 .
He uses the slider less frequently against left @-@ handed hitters , preferring to use a curveball in the low 80s .
He also uses a two @-@ seam fastball against lefties .
After several years as an on @-@ ice official , he was named head coach of the Hamilton Tigers for one season .
Outside of his association with the Bruins , Ross also helped to improve the game .
His father , Thomas Barnston Ross , was the head of a Hudson 's Bay Company trading post in the area .
The ninth of ten children , Ross grew up speaking both English and Ojibwe , a native Canadian language .
He scored ten goals in eight games during the season .
His opponents regarded him as one of the best rushing defencemen .
While failing to score , Ross started many plays and proved an important part of the team .
Although he played for the opposing team , he received a good reception from the Montreal crowd .
The following year Ross moved back to Montreal .
He scored eight goals in ten games over the two @-@ month season that lasted from January to March .
Although he settled for $ 1 @,@ 200 , the average salary of hockey players at the time was $ 600 .
He finished the season with two goals in nine games .
Before the following season , the NHA imposed a salary cap of $ 5 @,@ 000 per team .
Ross wrote to the Montreal Herald , stating " all the players want is a fair deal ...
The players are not trying to bulldoze the NHA , but we want to know where we get off at .
Ross scored four goals in eleven games with the Wanderers , who finished fourth in the five team league .
The fight helped to increase the reputation Ross had as a tough player unwilling to back down from any opponent .
The following season Ross had eleven goals in nineteen games as the Wanderers improved to second in the league .
Ross responded by declaring himself a free agent and claiming his contract with the Wanderers was no longer valid .
Consequently , although having no technical power to do so , Quinn suspended Ross from all organized hockey .
The owners realized if they suspended Ross , they would also have to suspend all those he signed , hurting the league .
However , Ross 's actions led to his release by the Wanderers .
At first he trained with the Montreal Canadiens , then joined the Ottawa Senators .
To help the Senators stop the Wanderers , who were known for their speed , Ross created a new system of defence .
He scored six goals and had two assists in sixteen games for the team .
With the Wanderers disbanded , Ross retired as a player .
His NHL career yielded one goal in three games played .
Following his playing career , Ross became a NHL referee .
Adams ' first move was to hire Ross as vice president , general manager , coach and scout .
Adams instructed Ross to come up with a nickname portraying an untamed animal displaying speed , agility and cunning .
With this in mind , Ross named the team the Boston Bruins , after the Old English word for a bear .
Ross utilized his many hockey connections throughout Canada and the United States to sign players .
Even so , the team started poorly .
Early in the first season the University of Toronto hockey team was in Boston for matches against local universities .
The Bruins finished their first season with six wins in thirty games , one of the worst records in the history of the league .
With 17 wins in 36 games the following season , the team greatly improved , and finished one point out of a playoff spot .
The Patrick brothers , who controlled the league , offered to sell the remaining five teams for $ 300 @,@ 000 .
Ross realized the potential talent available and convinced Adams to pay the money .
As a result , the Bruins acquired the rights to several future Hall of Fame players , the most notable being defender Eddie Shore .
One of the longest winning streaks was also set during the season .
However rumours spread during the season that Patrick was drinking heavily and not being as strict with the players as Ross wanted .
Several days later , Ross relieved Patrick of his duties and once again assumed the role of coach .
Ross took over an improved team .
Aside from his career in hockey , Ross was interested in improving the game .
He also improved the design of the puck .
More scoring chances resulted as teams could not simply send the puck down the ice with impunity .
In order to help tell the red line and blue lines apart on television , Ross suggested that the red line be striped .
Ross also excelled in baseball , football , lacrosse and motorcycle racing .
Before he became a hockey executive , he had a career as a bank clerk and ran a sporting @-@ goods store in Montreal .
He gave that career up when he began playing hockey professionally .
He was married to Muriel , a native of Montreal , and had two sons , Art and John .
During the Second World War , both sons served in the Royal Canadian Air Force .
After the war Ross made his son Art the business manager for the Bruins .
A sister , both his sons , and three grandchildren survived him .
Growth of the new settlement was rapid ; in particular , there was an influx of German families from Wisconsin .
The first Christian services held in Madison were Presbyterian , taking place in Barnes 's and other homes .
Patrick 's Church , the county 's first Catholic church .
The new church was dedicated to St.
As Madison 's population grew , the church became too small for the expanding congregation .
In addition , its location outside of the city was inconvenient for many parishioners .
Rather than building a new church at the time , the parish elected to move the old one to the new site .
Brother Leonard Darscheid , a Franciscan architect , drew up plans for a church ; but financial constraints precluded its construction .
Instead , a temporary basement church was built just west of the old church building .
It is not known whether the design of the basement used Darscheid 's plans .
In October of that year , Edward S.
Muenich became the first diocesan pastor of St.
Muenich embarked upon an extensive building campaign , for which he retained Omaha architect Jacob M.
The cost of construction was about $ 75 @,@ 000 .
While the church was under construction , Catholic services were held in Madison 's armory .
The new church had a seating capacity of 700 .
At the same time , increasing mechanization reduced the need for farm labor , pushing agricultural wages downward and rural unemployment upward .
Leonard 's Church , was demolished that fall , and its site became a parking lot .
Leonard 's parishioners were Hispanic .
Leonard 's , Nachtigall designed a number of other notable buildings in Nebraska , many of them Catholic ; these include St.
The church is oriented east @-@ west , with the main entrance facing westward .
The peak of the roof is about 70 feet ( 21 m ) above ground level .
At the west end of the church , a 110 @-@ foot ( 34 m ) belltower rises above the main entrance .
The tower is topped with a copper dome , capped with a cross .
The tower 's clock has four six @-@ foot ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) dials .
The church 's north and south walls are supported by a series of buttresses .
Seven windows run along each wall .
A line of brick corbels runs along the walls below the eaves .
Near the east end of the church , a short transept extends a short distance outward .
The interior plan of the church consists of a nave , a short transept , and a semicircular apse .
At the west end of the nave is a narthex .
The nave measures 98 feet ( 30 m ) between the entrance and the communion rail .
An aisle passes down its center ; narrower aisles follow the north and south walls .
Two rows of seven circular columns run along the nave .
The columns are made of wood , plastered to conceal the material , and decorated with Corinthian capitals .
The rib @-@ vaulted ceiling rises 30 feet ( 9 @.@ 1 m ) above the floor .
Fourteen stained @-@ glass windows , depicting scenes from the life of Christ , occupy the nave 's walls .
Between the windows are sculpted stations of the cross .
In three spandrels above columns on each side are fresco paintings .
Two marble steps rise from the nave to the chancel .
Joseph altar includes a bone relic of St.
Leonard of Port Maurice .
On the Gospel side of the chancel is a large hand @-@ carved wood pulpit , decorated with carved figures of the four Evangelists .
At the base is a relief sculpture of the Last Supper ; above that is a marble altar table .
The tabernacle is just above that ; to either side is a sculpted angel , kneeling to the tabernacle and holding the sanctuary lamps .
Above the tabernacle is a sculpted Crucifixion of Jesus , with the Virgin Mary and the apostle John on either side of the cross .
In separate niches on either side of the crucifixion scene are statues of St.
Patrick , representing the German and Irish ethnicity of the parish in the early 20th century .
Above their niches are figures of angels blowing trumpets ; at the top of the altar is a statue of St.
On the half @-@ domed ceiling of the apse is a large oil @-@ painted mural depicting a scene in Heaven .
Flanking the Father and Son are the Virgin Mary and John the Baptist .
Below the cloud is Satan in torment .
At the left and right of the scene is an assemblage of 18 Catholic saints and 10 angels .
Cecilia , patron saint of the Archdiocese of Omaha , and a pair of windows depicting St.
The rectory , located just south of the church , was designed in Neoclassical style , with Romanesque Revival elements .
Like the church , it is made of mosaic gray brick .
The portico is supported by circular columns with Doric capitals .
At the base of the porch is brick latticework .
There is a small enclosed porch with a doorway on the east side .
There are three rowlock arches above all of the windows on the first floor .
There are two circular window openings in the attic , one facing west and the other south .
The rectory has a sloping roof with overhanging eaves and wood cornices .
On the south wall is a tympanum , filled in with siding .
The original rectory garage is located southeast of the rectory .
The interior is a single room .
The rear ( east ) wall is also plastered with red cement .
The garage has two doors and two windows .
Both the doors and windows have two rowlock brick arches over them .
The car entrance is on the west side ; a passage door is on the north side .
A clear @-@ glass window with 16 panes is on the east side .
It has been speculated that this window was part of the parish 's first church .
She served as the flagship of the Portuguese fleet for the majority of her long and peaceful career .
She had a maximum draft of 19 ft ( 5 @.@ 8 m ) .
She displaced 2 @,@ 384 metric tons ( 2 @,@ 346 long tons ; 2 @,@ 628 short tons ) as originally built .
She had a crew of 232 officers and men .
The main battery guns were protected by 10 @-@ inch ( 250 mm ) thick barbettes .
She served as part of the coastal defense force that protected Lisbon , the Portuguese capital , and the mouth of the river Tagus .
At the time , the ship was commanded by Captain Barreto de Vascomellos .
She was cut in half and lengthened by a 32 ft 6 in ( 9 @.@ 91 m ) long section .
Her sailing rig also was removed .
Her iron belt armor was removed and stronger steel armor was installed in its place .
The ship 's crew increased to 260 officers and men .
Nicole Franklin is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away , played by Tessa James .
Nicole was introduced by executive producer Cameron Welsh .
He predicted that the viewers would respond " really well " to her .
Nicole was initially portrayed as a shallow " party girl " with " wild ways " .
Also described as a " high maintenance " female , she has been shown to dress constantly in a stylish manner .
Nicole is also become notable for her many relationships .
Her first prominent romance was with Geoff Campbell .
Described as " complete opposites " , Geoff is credited as a catalyst in Nicole mellowing her brash attitude .
The plot saw Nicole question her persona , believing Geoff had transformed her into a boring person .
Another relationship Nicole pursued was with Aden Jefferies , her longtime closest friend .
Aden had a strong fanbase from his previous relationship with Belle Taylor .
This resulted in the audience being divided over their relationship .
She also had an affair with an older male character , Sid Walker .
James liked the fact Nicole had so many romances because she got to kiss many of her co @-@ stars .
One of her final storylines was a pregnancy plot .
James and the writing team took the storyline " very seriously " and conducted research to portray the issue sensitively .
Nicole has received critical analysis from various sources , with perception being mixed to positive .
TV Week were neutral to aspects of her pregnancy plot but opined James was one of the serials best actress ' .
The Daily Record said that being single was good for the character .
She has also been likened to celebrities because of her glamorous image .
After Coleby who plays Roman quit the serial , James ' time with the show was in doubt .
She has already filmed her final scenes and Nicole will leave on @-@ screen later in the year .
Nicole has been portrayed as a party girl , feisty and has had many boyfriends in a short space of time .
She 's simply as shallow as a puddle , and while she might cause others emotional pain , it 's totally unintentional .
And , of course , she thinks you 're worth her attention .
Nicole is a girl who knows exactly who she is and where she stands : at the centre of the universe .
They also added she was a " sultry " type character .
She doesn 't mind pushing the boundaries .
She 's very high maintenance , which is fun to play .
James also enjoys the role because of this and the fact she gets so many " pash " scenes with other cast members .
Welsh also believes that Nicole is destined to come " full circle " .
Nicole embarks on a relationship with Geoff Campbell , not before they are embroiled in a " sordid love triangle " along with Melody .
In one storyline Nicole and Geoff became stranded on a " deserted island " and nearly die .
The episodes were filmed on Box Beach located at Shoal Bay , New South Wales as part of a two @-@ day location shoot .
James and Lewis took scuba diving lessons in preparation for the storyline .
Filming the storyline was compromised by logistical challenges .
This was to keep the authenticity of a deserted location .
The storyline was also given a " big budget " , featured helicopters and a number of promotional adverts were aired on Seven .
The storyline began on @-@ screen when Nicole started dating Elliot Gillen ( Paul Pantano ) .
He had a vendetta against Roman and kidnapped Nicole and Geoff and left them stranded out at sea .
They washed up on a deserted island and were forced to survive without food and clothing .
Describing the effect it had on Nicole and Geoff , James stated : " They have no food , shelter or clothing .
However , the environment they were in caused him to let his guard down and they slept together .
Lewis told TV Week that all the pair could think of whilst trapped was being rescued and their feelings for one an other .
He added that " the fact they were both pretty much naked didn 't help " .
He concluded the fact they were both kids , trying to keep warm - that then " stuff happens " .
Geoff was left " guilt @-@ ridden " because he gave into temptation .
He did not regret it , but acknowledged that he wanted to save his virginity until marriage .
Therefore , Geoff saw no other option but to propose to Nicole .
Nicole refused when she realised his reasons for proposing .
Nicole and Geoff 's relationship became strained .
Nicole decided to plan a return trip to the island , believing it would solve their problems and bring them closer together .
James said that Geoff loved the surprise , but found Nicole " very sexy and tempting " .
She added that everything about Nicole forced Geoff to question his religious beliefs and he felt he " needed to back away " .
Their trip soon turned disastrous when a man named Derrick Quaid ( John Atkinson ) stole their food and intimidated the couple .
He admitted he were a murderer and tried to attack Geoff with a knife .
James said he " put himself in harms way " to save Nicole .
She also described their compatibility stating : " They 're complete opposites , which works well for them .
It 's a bit of a fiery relationship , and they 've been through a lot together .
Geoff and Nicole are both stubborn and opinionated , and in some ways they 're naive .
In a weird way they show a side to each other nobody else gets to see .
In public , Lewis initially had negative feedback from older viewers because they felt Geoff was better suited to Melody .
He revealed they felt like she was a bad influence for Geoff because she often played games .
However towards the end of their relationship he felt perception had changed due to viewers having a better understanding of Nicole 's persona .
It featured Freya Duric ( Sophie Hensser ) kissing Nicole , which sparked complaints .
However , for Nicole it wasn 't about sexuality , rather finding herself the center of attention .
Nicole relates to the wild side of Freya , but has no idea how far Freya is going to take it .
James said Nicole was " angry " because she was on Freya 's " not hot list " .
The incident eventually brought her to the realisation that she had become boring .
Nicole denied it was to do with her involvement with Geoff , however James said Geoff was the reason she became bored .
Trey filmed without Nicole 's consent , when she found out the truth she ended their relationship .
Trey thought she and Geoff were getting back together so aired the tape at a local film festival to gain revenge .
She 's relying on Trey , so this is the last thing she needs .
Nicole 's best friend during her initial storylines was Aden Jefferies ( Todd Lasance ) .
After Brendan Austin ( Kain O 'Keeffe ) caused Roman to go blind , he took his anger out on Nicole and Aden .
They shared a kiss and James told TV Week that there are " a lot of complications " for them .
James explained that Nicole 's pairing with Aden was " a bit more serious and in @-@ depth than her usual relationships .
It is this that made their relationship " awkward " , Nicole tried to withdraw her declaration and hide her hurt feelings .
She tried to " lure him into bed " after he comforted her , however he turned her down .
James said she no longer had romantic feelings for Geoff , but was actually in a " vulnerable state " .
James explained that Nicole saw alcohol as an answer to her problems .
The fact that " she 's trying to deal with too many things " saw Nicole transform into a messed up and depressed person .
Nicole became more irresponsible with the more she drank and was in the company of many men .
Geoff arrived and saved her from danger , Lewis said there was a part of Geoff that still loved Nicole .
However they did not start anything again , James said she understood why because of their complicated backstory .
However Geoff continued to support Nicole as he realised that " a lot of people she was closest to have deserted her " .
Nicole 's unpredictable behaviour continued thereafter .
She added " We took it very seriously with the writers , and you do a lot of research and things like that .
You can only do your best , I guess !
However the situation was explained to her and she became excited at the challenging storyline ahead .
Nicole later decided to let Marilyn and Sid Walker ( Robert Mammone ) adopt the baby upon its birth .
Marilyn was desperate to mother a child and her obsession with that and her controlling behaviour became too much for Nicole .
Of the situation , Symons said " Marilyn is in Nicole 's face every minute .
She 's doing it out of love , but she doesn 't realise she 's becoming obsessed with the baby .
Nicole began dating a student from university , Angus McCathie ( Tim Pocock ) , they got along well on their first dates .
Marilyn was left worried about their agreement and she felt " distanced .
She 's scared of losing the baby , which could happen because there isn 't a legal agreement .
During the final few weeks of her pregnancy Nicole began to receive increasing support from Angelo Rosetta ( Luke Jacobz ) .
James said it was clear to see that " the lines of friendship could be blurring into something more " for the pair .
Whilst Jacobz opined " They 've been spending time together and have realised how comfortable they are together .
She then tried to stay away , however it became obvious he needed her when he struggled without her .
Marilyn then became obsessed with Nicole having the power to take her new son back .
It was then revealed that Nicole would struggle to switch off her mothering instinct after giving George away .
Nicole came to visit the baby and Marilyn caught her breastfeeding George , while she was alone with him .
Symons called the scenes " volatile .
Without a doubt , Marilyn thinks Nicole is overstepping the mark .
She feels that a boundary has been overstepped and it could put a big strain on their relationship .
She did not meet her father until her early teenage years .
Nicole arrives in Summer Bay in a flashy car .
She initially makes herself unpopular with her bitchy care @-@ free nature .
She tries to sleep with Aden but he rebuffs her .
Nicole starts dating Roman 's old SAS friend Mark 's brother Elliot Gillen , despite Roman 's disapproval .
After breaking up with Elliot , he takes her diving where he tries to kill her , Geoff and later Roman .
Geoff tries to save Nicole , but Elliot leaves the pair stranded at sea .
They wash up on a remote island and Geoff and Nicole grow close to each other .
Geoff , who has strong religious views , sleeps with Nicole as they cannot fight temptation .
When rescued Geoff proposes to Nicole out of guilt , she turns him down .
She later has a pregnancy scare but is happy to discover it was a false alarm .
Nicole later decides she and Geoff should return to the island to repair their relationship .
They chased through woodland by a murderer , Derrick who tries to kill them both .
However they manage to escape .
Nicole decides to try her best to make their relationship work .
However , after Freya kisses her they enter a few rocky periods and later break up .
She starts a relationship with troublesome Trey .
He films them having sex , which is later leaked at the town 's movie festival .
She has a brief relationship with Liam .
After the death of good friend Belle , Nicole goes on a downward spiral .
She starts partying and binge drinking along with Indigo .
Geoff notices her behaviour and attempts to help her .
After pushing him away she sleeps with drug addict Liam .
She then pursues older man Sid .
She kisses him and Indigo sees them , which ruins their friendship .
She later moves in with Miles Copeland ( Josh Quong Tart ) who agrees to look after her .
Nicole starts dating Penn who manipulates her .
He makes her believe she has accidentally stepped on a needle and she has tests for HIV .
She later finds out she has the all clear .
Nicole reveals to Marilyn that she is pregnant with Penn 's child .
She initially chooses to have an abortion , but changes her mind and decides to give the baby to Marilyn .
Nicole goes on a date with Angelo and she takes him to her antenatal class .
When he learns that Nicole is giving her baby away , Angelo ends their relationship .
Nicole become friends with Roo and asks her to be at the birth , but Roo turns her down .
Marilyn apologises to Nicole when she starts to take over and begins leaving her out of her plans for the baby .
Nicole becomes fed up when the baby is late and Angelo tries to help her start labour .
They go for a walk on the beach and Nicole 's water breaks .
Angelo is then forced to deliver the baby .
Nicole later decides that she wants her baby back and tells Marilyn , who is devastated .
Marilyn takes the baby , but later returns him .
Nicole then leaves Summer bay with Angelo and George .
She later contacts Marilyn and they meet in the city .
Nicole and Marilyn talk things through and Angelo shows up with George .
Inside Soap opined that Nicole was a " flighty minx from the city who prays at the altar of Paris Hilton " .
The Sunday Mail said it seemed like no one could stop her downward spiral .
The Daily Record said that Nicole and Geoff 's relationship ending was good for her character .
Inside Soap said " Nicole Franklin isn 't exactly backward in coming forward " .
Jaci Stephen of the Daily Mail opined that Nicole seemed incapable of decision making when it came to deciding on a birthing partner .
TV Week chose James as one of the serial 's most promising actresses opining she was ready for roles in Hollywood .
TV Week often commented on her pregnancy storyline .
Upon watching Nicole 's beach birth scenes , the magazine website editor quipped " Who knew sand had birthing properties ?
Well , maybe not ...
She said " I had to agree with him - putting lifesavers in pink polo @-@ neck swimmers is a terrible idea .
Jim reconnects with Pam Halpert ( Jenna Fischer ) , and makes it clear that he will choose her over Philadelphia .
Andy 's subplot , meanwhile , received more mixed reviews .
CEO David Wallace ( Andy Buckley ) plans on firing Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) due to his missing work for acting gigs .
Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) receives his black belt in karate from his new sensei ( Michael Imperioli ) .
Seeing Dwight 's tenacity and devotion , David is inspired to make Dwight Andy 's replacement .
David asks Jim his opinion on promoting Dwight , and Jim says that Dwight deserves the job and will be a great manager .
Dwight then appoints Jim the new assistant to the regional manager .
Everyone in the office tells Andy that quitting is a foolish move and that he has no chance of achieving stardom .
Andy eventually goes back on his decision , and David allows him to stay on in a sales position .
Fearing his conviction will falter a second time , he decides he cannot simply quit , but get fired .
This proves difficult as he is unable to make himself go through with any offense more serious than defecating on David 's car .
Meanwhile , Angela Martin ( Angela Kinsey ) is evicted from her studio apartment after her cats were taken away by Animal Control .
She finally accepts with gratitude .
It was directed by regular Office director Jeffrey Blitz , who last directed season eight 's " Gettysburg " .
This marked a slight increase in the ratings from the previous episode , " Paper Airplane " .
She gave the episode an 8 @.@ 5 out of 10 , calling it " Great " .
Nick Campbell of TV.com complimented the sentimental storylines in the episode , specifically between Jim , Pam and Dwight .
He was positive towards Jim and Pam 's reconciliation , but felt " something hollow about their reunion " .
He also noted that the Jim @-@ Pam storyline caused the Dwight @-@ Angela relationship to go " darker " .
He appreciated the drama coming from Angela 's desperation , despite disagreeing with the logic in the situation .
Joshua Alton of The A.V.
Alton praised the Dwight storyline and his dynamic with Jim and Pam , calling it " the true fan service " .
Since double sounds were often abbreviated in hieroglyphic texts , Popo may represent the original name of the city .
The last known recorded date at the site is featured on Monument 101 as 15 January 909 CE .
Due to this , early texts are scarce and only offer a glimpse of the early history of the site .
An 8th @-@ century text refers to a king ruling in AD 217 , although it only mentions his title , not his name .
Ruler 1 is depicted on a couple of Early Classic monuments , the better preserved of which is an altar that dates to 514 .
The last mention of K 'inich Hix Chapat is in a monument dated to 665 that appears to be a memorial stone .
His rule is marked by warfare and the frequent depiction of bound captives on his monuments .
K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak was enthroned in 688 , twenty years after Ruler 2 , and reigned for twenty @-@ seven years .
The ballcourt originally had six sculptures of bound captives , all vassals of the enemy Palenque king from the Usumacinta region .
The date of the king 's death is unknown .
Ruler 4 came to power in 708 at a very young age .
Ruler 4 continued in power to celebrate the period endings of 716 and 721 .
Ruler 4 was succeeded by K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat in 723 .
He was succeeded by Ruler 7 , about whom even less is known .
In 799 he rededicated the tomb of Ruler 1 .
Ruler 8 oversaw an extensive remodelling of the upper levels of the Acropolis .
Ceramic fragments indicate that occupation at the site continued for another century or more .
The first published account of the ruins was made by Fray Jacinto Garrido at the end of the 17th century .
The site was built on a platform covering 6 hectares ( 650 @,@ 000 sq ft ) .
It has a more distinct geometry than at most Maya sites , with a right @-@ angle relationship between most structures .
Much of the public imagery of the site details the ruthless manner in which the city dealt with its enemies .
This frieze was carved from the local sandstone but its style is that of Palenque , suggesting that captured artists carried out the work .
Sculptures of the torsos of six captured vassals of the Palenque king were used as ballcourt markers .
Ballcourt 2 is the smaller of the two ballcourts and lies in the north of the plaza , at the foot of the Acropolis .
The Palace of the Underworld is entered via three step @-@ vaulted arches on the eastern side of the second terrace of the Acropolis .
The Palace of Frets is located on the fourth terrace of the Acropolis .
The south facade of the palace is decorated with four large stepped frets .
On the east side of the palace a stairway leads to a decorated throne of stone and stucco .
One of the rooms of the palace contains a stucco decoration representing feathered serpents and crossed bones .
It is a badly eroded life @-@ size human statue with the head missing .
Monument 7 is carved from yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage .
Monument 8 dates to the reign of Ruler 2 .
It marks the period ending of 682 and shows the presentation of three war captives .
Monument 12 is a sculpture carved in the round , representing Ruler 2 .
It dates to AD 672 .
Monument 99 is an undated fragment that depicts a female captive , which is rare in Maya art .
Monument 101 has the last Long Count date from any Maya monument , it marks the K 'atun ending of AD 909 .
Monument 106 is the earliest securely dated monument at the site , dating to AD 593 .
It depicts Ruler 1 .
Monument 113 depicts Ruler 2 participating in a scattering ritual .
Monument 114 was dedicated in 794 by Ruler 8 .
It commemorates the death of an important noble , apparently a relative or vassal of Ruler 8 's predecessor Tuun Chapat .
Monument 141 is a very well preserved hieroglyphic panel carved from fine grained white limestone with almost the whole inscription intact .
It describes the dedication of a ballcourt by K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak .
Monument 154 dates to the reign of K 'inich Hix Chapat and records his installing of two subordinate lords in 633 .
Monument 158 has a very late date , in AD 904 , at the very end of the Classic Period .
It was erected during the reign of Ruler 10 .
It is a stucco mural located at the east end of the 5th terrace .
It represents a complex supernatural scene divided into four by a feather @-@ covered scaffold from which hang the severed heads of sacrificial victims .
Among the scaffold partitions are depicted the wayob ( spirit companions ) of the Maya elite .
The frieze was once brightly painted in red , blue and yellow .
This frieze has strong stylistic parallels with mural paintings at the great Early Classic metropolis of Teotihuacan in the distant Valley of Mexico .
It possesses 2 exhibition rooms and a conference room .
Artefacts in the collection include stone sculptures , ceramics and artefacts sculpted from bone , shell , obsidian and flint .
Central Area Command was one of several geographically based commands raised by the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) during World War II .
Its initial move in this direction was to create Nos.
The roles of these area commands were air defence , protection of adjacent sea lanes , and aerial reconnaissance .
Units in Queensland were also temporarily assigned to its control , pending the formation of Northern Area .
Central Area 's inaugural AOC was Air Commodore Adrian " King " Cole , who had also led No.
His senior air staff officer was Wing Commander Alan Charlesworth .
This Central Area Command would have been responsible for training and operational units in southern Queensland .
The War Cabinet deferred its decision on the proposal .
Once again , nothing came of the proposal .
The corn crake , corncrake or landrail ( Crex crex ) is a bird in the rail family .
It breeds in Europe and Asia as far east as western China , and migrates to Africa for the northern hemisphere 's winter .
The strong bill is flesh @-@ toned , the iris is pale brown , and the legs and feet are pale grey .
Juveniles are similar in plumage to adults , and downy chicks are black , as with all rails .
There are no subspecies , although individuals from the east of the breeding range tend to be slightly paler than their western counterparts .
The male 's call is a loud krek krek , from which the scientific name is derived .
The corn crake 's breeding habitat is grassland , particularly hayfields , and it uses similar environments on the wintering grounds .
This crake is in steep decline across much of its former breeding range because modern farming practices often destroy nests before breeding is completed .
Natural threats include introduced and feral mammals , large birds , various parasites and diseases .
The rails are a bird family comprising nearly 150 species .
The taxonomy of the small crakes is complicated , but the closest relative of the corn crake is the African crake , C.
Both species are short @-@ billed brown birds with a preference for grassland rather than wetland habitats typical of rails .
Porzana crakes , particularly the ash @-@ throated crake ( Porzana albicollis ) are near relatives of the Crex genus .
The earlier use of crex gives it priority over Bechstein 's specific name pratensis , and leads to the current name of Crex crex .
Males weigh 165 g ( 5 @.@ 8 oz ) on average and females 145 g ( 5 @.@ 1 oz ) .
The wing coverts are a distinctive chestnut colour with some white bars .
The strong bill is flesh @-@ coloured , the iris is pale brown , and the legs and feet are pale grey .
Compared to the male , the female has warmer @-@ toned upperparts and a narrower duller eye streak .
Outside the breeding season , the upperparts of both sexes become darker and the underparts less grey .
The chicks have black down , as with all rails .
Young birds have a head and body moult about five weeks after hatching .
A flying corn crake can resemble a gamebird , but its chestnut wing pattern and dangling legs are diagnostic .
Slight differences in vocalisations mean that individual males can be distinguished by their calls .
Early in the season , the call is given almost continuously at night , and often during the day , too .
It may be repeated more than 20 @,@ 000 times a night , with a peak between midnight and 3 am .
The call has evolved to make a singing male 's location clear , as this species hides in vegetation .
The male also has a growling call , given with the bill shut and used during aggressive interactions .
The female also has a high @-@ pitched cheep call , and a oo @-@ oo @-@ oo sound to call the chick .
The chicks make a quiet peeick @-@ peeick contact call , and a chirp used to beg for food .
The corn crake is silent in Africa .
The corn crake breeds from Britain and Ireland east through Europe to central Siberia .
There is also a sizable population in western China , but this species nests only rarely in northern Spain and in Turkey .
The corn crake winters mainly in Africa , from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and central Tanzania south to eastern South Africa .
On passage , it has been recorded in most countries between its breeding and wintering ranges , including much of West Africa .
Eastern migrants have been recorded in those parts of southern Asia that lie between the east of the breeding range and Africa .
It also utilises other treeless grasslands in mountains or taiga , on coasts , or where created by fire .
The odd bush or hedge may be used as a calling post .
In China , flax is also used for nest sites .
It is also found on fallow and abandoned fields , uncut grass on airfields , and the edges of crops .
It occurs at up to at least 1 @,@ 750 metres ( 5 @,@ 740 ft ) altitude in South Africa .
Each bird stays within a fairly small area .
Although it sometimes occurs with the African crake , that species normally prefers moister and shorter grassland habitats than does the corn crake .
On migration , the corn crake may also occur in wheatfields and around golf courses .
The corn crake is most active early and late in the day , after heavy rain and during light rain .
Its typical flight is weak and fluttering , although less so than that of the African crake .
For longer flights , such as migration , it has a steadier , stronger action with legs drawn up .
It walks with a high @-@ stepping action , and can run swiftly through grass with its body held horizontal and laterally flattened .
It will swim if essential .
When captured it may feign death , recovering at once if it sees a way out .
Flocks of up to 40 birds may form on migration , sometimes associating with common quails .
Migration takes place at night , and flocks resting during the day may aggregate to hundreds of birds at favoured sites .
The ability to migrate is innate , not learned from adults .
The female has a much smaller range , averaging only 5 @.@ 5 ha ( 14 acres ) .
A male will challenge an intruder by calling with his wings drooped and his head pointing forward .
They then run around giving the growling call and lunging at each other .
A real fight may ensue , with the birds leaping at each other and pecking , and sometimes kicking .
Females play no part in defending the territory .
The female may be offered food by the male during courtship .
He will then attempt to approach the female from behind , and then leap on her back to copulate .
The nest , well hidden in the grass , is built in a scrape or hollow in the ground .
It is made of woven coarse dry grass and other plants , and lined with finer grasses .
The eggs are laid at daily intervals , but second clutches may sometimes have two eggs added per day .
They are fed by the female for three or four days , but can find their own food thereafter .
The grown young may stay with the female until departure for Africa .
The number of live chicks hatched is more important than the weather , with lower survival in large broods .
In the breeding areas , it is a predator of Sitona weevils , which infest legume crops.
This crake will also eat small frogs and mammals , and plant material including grass seed and cereal grain .
Its diet on the wintering grounds is generally similar , but includes locally available items such as termites , cockroaches and dung beetles .
Hunting is normally in cover , but , particularly in the wintering areas , it will occasionally feed on grassy tracks or dirt roads .
Indigestible material is regurgitated as 1 cm ( 0 @.@ 39 in ) pellets .
As with other rails , grit is swallowed to help break up food in the stomach .
In Lithuania , the introduced raccoon dog has also been recorded as taking corn crakes .
At undisturbed sites nests and broods are rarely attacked , as reflected in a high breeding success .
There is a record of a corn crake on migration through Gabon being killed by a black sparrowhawk .
Subsequently , microbiology tests were done to detect infected individuals and to find the source of the bacteria in their environment .
The breeding corn crake population had begun to decline in the 19th century , but the process gained pace after World War II .
The main cause of the steep declines in much of Europe is the loss of nests and chicks from early mowing .
Adults can often escape the mowers , although some incubating females sit tight on the nest , with fatal results .
Loss of habitat is the other major threat to the corn crake .
More localised threats include floods in spring , and disturbance by roads or wind farms .
This bird is good eating ; when they were common in England , Mrs Beeton recommended roasting four on a skewer .
Implementing these changes is predicted to stop the population decline if the measures are applied on a sufficiently large scale .
Reduction of illegal hunting , and protection in countries where hunting is still allowed , are also conservation aims .
Reintroduction of the corn crake is being attempted in England , and breeding sites are scheduled for protection in many other countries .
The narrator depicts the scene of a mower cutting the grass , before his " whistling Sithe " unknowingly " carves the Rail " .
The farmhand draws out the scythe " all bloody from its breast " and " does the stroke detest " .
In the fourth verse he exclaims : " Tis like a fancy everywhere / A sort of living doubt " .
The Finnish poet Eino Leino also wrote about the bird in his poem " Nocturne " .
This usage dates from at least the first half of the nineteenth century , and continues through to the present .
AML is the most common acute leukemia affecting adults , and its incidence increases with age .
These symptoms include fatigue , shortness of breath , easy bruising and bleeding , and increased risk of infection .
Several risk factors and chromosomal abnormalities have been identified , but the specific cause is not clear .
As an acute leukemia , AML progresses rapidly and is typically fatal within weeks or months if left untreated .
AML has several subtypes ; treatment and prognosis vary among subtypes .
Most signs and symptoms of AML are caused by the replacement of normal blood cells with leukemic cells .
A drop in red blood cell count ( anemia ) can cause fatigue , paleness , and shortness of breath .
A lack of platelets can lead to easy bruising or bleeding with minor trauma .
The early signs of AML are often vague and nonspecific , and may be similar to those of influenza or other common illnesses .
Enlargement of the spleen may occur in AML , but it is typically mild and asymptomatic .
Lymph node swelling is rare in AML , in contrast to acute lymphoblastic leukemia .
The skin is involved about 10 % of the time in the form of leukemia cutis .
Rarely , Sweet 's syndrome , a paraneoplastic inflammation of the skin , can occur with AML .
Some people with AML may experience swelling of the gums because of infiltration of leukemic cells into the gum tissue .
Occasionally , a person may show no symptoms , and the leukemia may be discovered incidentally during a routine blood test .
Exposure to anticancer chemotherapy , in particular alkylating agents , can increase the risk of subsequently developing AML .
The risk is highest about three to five years after chemotherapy .
Occupational chemical exposure to benzene and other aromatic organic solvents is controversial as a cause of AML .
Benzene and many of its derivatives are known to be carcinogenic in vitro .
High amounts of ionizing radiation exposure can increase the risk of AML .
A hereditary risk for AML appears to exist .
Multiple cases of AML developing in a family at a rate higher than predicted by chance alone have been reported .
The first clue to a diagnosis of AML is typically an abnormal result on a complete blood count .
A sample of marrow or blood is typically also tested for chromosomal abnormalities by routine cytogenetics or fluorescent in situ hybridization .
Cytochemical stains on blood and bone marrow smears are helpful in the distinction of AML from ALL , and in subclassification of AML .
The combination of a myeloperoxidase or Sudan black stain and a nonspecific esterase stain will provide the desired information in most cases .
The myeloperoxidase or Sudan black reactions are most useful in establishing the identity of AML and distinguishing it from ALL .
The nonspecific esterase stain is used to identify a monocytic component in AMLs and to distinguish a poorly differentiated monoblastic leukemia from ALL .
The diagnosis and classification of AML can be challenging , and should be performed by a qualified hematopathologist or hematologist .
AML must be carefully differentiated from " preleukemic " conditions such as myelodysplastic or myeloproliferative syndromes , which are treated differently .
The subtypes have varying prognoses and responses to therapy .
Although the WHO classification ( see above ) may be more useful , the FAB system is still widely used .
The malignant cell in AML is the myeloblast .
In AML , though , a single myeloblast accumulates genetic changes which " freeze " the cell in its immature state and prevent differentiation .
Specific cytogenetic abnormalities can be found in many people with AML ; the types of chromosomal abnormalities often have prognostic significance .
The chromosomal translocations encode abnormal fusion proteins , usually transcription factors whose altered properties may cause the " differentiation arrest " .
This leads to neutropenia , anemia , and thrombocytopenia .
The symptoms of AML are , in turn , often due to the low numbers of these normal blood elements .
The hypothesis is that such epigenetic mutations lead to the silencing of tumor suppressor genes and / or the activation of proto @-@ oncogenes .
Efforts to use tyrosine kinase inhibitors in AML continue .
Up to 70 % of people with AML will achieve a remission with this protocol .
Other alternative induction regimens , including high @-@ dose cytarabine alone , FLAG @-@ like regimens or investigational agents , may also be used .
APL is eminently curable , with well @-@ documented treatment protocols .
The goal of the induction phase is to reach a complete remission .
Complete remission does not mean the disease has been cured ; rather , it signifies no disease can be detected with available diagnostic methods .
The length of remission depends on the prognostic features of the original leukemia .
In general , all remissions will fail without additional consolidation therapy .
Even after complete remission is achieved , leukemic cells likely remain in numbers too small to be detected with current diagnostic techniques .
If no further postremission or consolidation therapy is given , almost all people with AML will eventually relapse .
The specific type of postremission therapy is individualized based on a person 's prognostic factors ( see above ) and general health .
For good @-@ prognosis leukemias ( i.e.
For people at high risk of relapse ( e.g.
Since treatment options for relapsed AML are so limited , palliative care or enrolment in a clinical trial may be offered .
For relapsed acute promyelocytic leukemia ( APL ) , arsenic trioxide is approved by the US FDA .
Like ATRA , arsenic trioxide does not work with other subtypes of AML .
Acute myeloid leukemia is a curable disease ; the chance of cure for a specific person depends on a number of prognostic factors .
The single most important prognostic factor in AML is cytogenetics , or the chromosomal structure of the leukemic cell .
About half of people with AML have " normal " cytogenetics ; they fall into an intermediate risk group .
A number of other cytogenetic abnormalities are known to associate with a poor prognosis and a high risk of relapse after treatment .
Both of these entities are associated with a high rate of unfavorable cytogenetic abnormalities .
As with most forms of cancer , performance status ( i.e.
A large number of molecular alterations are under study for their prognostic impact in AML .
However , only FLT3 @-@ ITD , NPM1 , CEBPA and c @-@ KIT are currently included in validated international risk stratification schema .
These are expected to increase rapidly in the near future .
FLT3 internal tandem duplications ( ITDs ) have been shown to confer a poorer prognosis in AML with normal cytogenetics .
Several FLT3 inhibitors have undergone clinical trials , with mixed results .
Researchers are investigating the clinical significance of c @-@ KIT mutations in AML .
It is expected that additional markers ( e.g.
The prognostic importance of other mutated genes ( e.g.
The overall cure rate for all people with AML ( including the elderly and those unable to tolerate aggressive therapy ) is likely lower .
Cure rates for promyelocytic leukemia can be as high as 98 % .
Acute myeloid leukemia is a relatively rare cancer .
AML accounts for 1 @.@ 2 % of all cancer deaths in the United States .
The incidence of AML increases with age ; the median age at diagnosis is 63 years .
AML accounts for about 90 % of all acute leukemias in adults , but is rare in children .
AML is slightly more common in men , with a male @-@ to @-@ female ratio of 1 @.@ 3 : 1 .
There is some geographic variation in the incidence of AML .
In contrast , childhood AML is less common in North America and India than in other parts of Asia .
These differences may be due to population genetics , environmental factors , or a combination of the two .
Bennett ; he used the term " leucocythemia " to describe this pathological condition .
Further advances in the understanding of acute myeloid leukemia occurred rapidly with the development of new technology .
DNA extracted from leukemic cells were compared to unaffected skin .
The leukemic cells contained acquired mutations in several genes that had not previously been associated with the disease .
Leukemia is rarely associated with pregnancy , affecting only about 1 in 10 @,@ 000 pregnant women .
How it is handled depends primarily on the type of leukemia .
Produced by Steve Mac , he co @-@ wrote the song with Iain James , Camille Purcell and James Newman .
Critical response to " Love Me Like You " was positive : critics praised its vintage style and highlighted it as an album standout .
It reached number 11 on the UK Singles Chart and has been certified gold by the BPI .
The accompanying music video for the song was set at a high school dance .
It was published by Rokstone Music Ltd.
The song was produced by Mac and mixed by Serban Ghenea at Mixstar Studios in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
The track was recorded at Rokstone Studios in London .
Purcell also provided background vocals .
The keyboards were performed by Mac , and the guitars were played by Paul Gendler .
Laws and Pursey performed the drums and the percussion , respectively .
The single 's artwork was released on the same day .
The song is composed in the key of G major using common time and a tempo of 106 beats per minute .
Instrumentation is provided by " vintage " pianos , bells and a " pumping " tenor sax .
The use of percussion gives the a track a more modern style .
The song opens with the group harmonising " Sha la la la " over pianos .
Emilee Lindner of MTV News likened the production to material composed by Phil Spector .
The Christmas mix version features added church bells and jingles .
Music Times writer Carolyn Menyes praised its composition for being " charming " and described the track as " totally charming .
He described it as " horrible " and a modern @-@ day " hideous , toxic compound " take on a Phil Spector song .
It also peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Downloads Chart .
The track has been certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) , denoting shipments of 400 @,@ 000 copies .
In Scotland , the song reached number five .
It also peaked at number 64 in Slovakia , number 81 in the Czech Republic , and number 140 in France .
Jade , Leigh @-@ Anne , Jesy and Perrie are waiting for their dates to arrive .
He asked Jade by picking her up in his car to go on a date .
He asked Jesy to be his date while they were at the cinema as they shared a bucket of popcorn .
He helps her up , and gives her a corsage .
They realise that they have all been two @-@ timed by the same guy , and are all dateless .
It ends with the girls being each other 's date and solemnly dancing whilst everyone else has a good time .
Little Mix " sang the track live on Good Morning America in the United States on 5 November .
The company 's Shaoguan factory in the Wujiang district employs some 16 @,@ 000 workers .
Most of these Kashgars are away from home to work for the first time .
State media confirmed that all the workers were from Shufu County .
As a result of the fighting , 2 Uyghurs died and 118 people were injured , 16 of them seriously .
Of the injured , 79 were Uyghurs and 39 were Hans .
Official sources state that the rioting began at around 2 a.m.
An initial disturbance was reported at around 11 p.m.
Two dozen Han workers armed with batons and metal rods then responded ; they called for backup using their phones .
Uyghurs maintained that the attacks started after the night shift at around 12 @.@ 30 a.m.
Amateur videos posted online showed brutal attacks , and Han chasing Uyghurs through the dorm floors .
The rioting stopped soon after the police arrived .
A policeman explained their delay in arriving at the scene due to difficulties in assembling enough officers .
The two dead men were later named as Aximujiang Aimaiti and Sadikejiang Kaze , both from Xinjiang .
The authorities said that the rumours were false , and had been initiated by a disgruntled former co @-@ worker .
Police said that their investigations found no evidence that a rape had taken place .
I just felt they were unfriendly so I turned and ran .
Two months on , the South China Morning Post found few willing to talk about the events of the fateful night .
The authorities ' claims that 50 Uyghur workers were granted their repatriation requests following the violence are contested by Uyghur workers .
Abdukeyum Muhammat , deputy secretary of Xinjiang kanji Prefectural Committee of the Communist Party , led a working team to Shaoguan on 27 June .
During the 19th century , Galveston became a major U.S.
Much of Galveston 's modern economy is centered in the tourism , health care , shipping , and financial industries .
Galveston Island was originally inhabited by members of the Karankawa and Akokisa tribes who called the island Auia .
They began their years @-@ long trek to a Spanish settlement in Mexico City .
Lafitte organized Galveston into a pirate " kingdom " he called " Campeche " , anointing himself the island 's " head of government .
Burnet relocated his government there .
During the American Civil War , Confederate forces under Major General John B.
These occurred in waterfront and river cities throughout the 19th century , as did cholera epidemics .
The " blacks " comprised nearly 25 % of the city 's population of 13 @,@ 818 that year .
During the post @-@ Civil @-@ War period , leaders such as George T.
Cuney established his own business of stevedores and a union of black dockworkers to break the white monopoly on dock jobs .
Galveston was a cosmopolitan city and one of the more successful during Reconstruction ; the Freedmen 's Bureau was headquartered here .
German families sheltered teachers from the North , and hundreds of freedmen were taught to read .
Its business community promoted progress , and immigrants continued to stay after arriving at this port of entry .
By the end of the 19th century , the city of Galveston had a population of 37 @,@ 000 .
Its position on the natural harbor of Galveston Bay along the Gulf of Mexico made it the center of trade in Texas .
It was one of the largest cotton ports in the nation , in competition with New Orleans .
Throughout the 19th century , the port city of Galveston grew rapidly and the Strand was considered the region 's primary business center .
For a time , the Strand was known as the " Wall Street of the South " .
This event holds the record as the United States ' deadliest natural disaster .
The city was devastated , and an estimated 6 @,@ 000 to 8 @,@ 000 people on the island were killed .
The city developed the city commission form of city government , known as the " Galveston Plan " , to help expedite recovery .
To further her recovery , and rebuild her population , Galveston actively solicited immigration .
Additionally numerous other immigrant groups , including Greeks , Italians and Russian Jews , came to the city during this period .
This immigration trend substantially altered the ethnic makeup of the island , as well as many other areas of Texas and the western U.S.
Kempner , members of two of Galveston 's leading families , founded the American National Insurance Company .
Two years later , Moody established the City National Bank , which would later become the Moody National Bank .
Galvestonians accepted and supported the illegal activities , often referring to their island as the " Free State of Galveston " .
The island had entered what would later become known as the " open era " .
During World War II , the Galveston Municipal Airport , predecessor to Scholes International Airport , was re @-@ designated a U.S.
Army Air Corps base and named " Galveston Army Air Field " .
The end of the war drastically reduced military investment in the island .
As these vice industries crashed , so did tourism , taking the rest of the Galveston economy with it .
Neither the economy nor the culture of the city was the same afterward .
The economy of the island entered a long stagnant period .
Restoration efforts financed by motivated investors , notably Houston businessman George P.
Mitchell , gradually developed the Strand Historic District and reinvented other areas .
A new , family @-@ oriented tourism emerged in the city over many years .
It has made it difficult for middle @-@ class workers to find affordable housing on the island .
Damage was extensive to buildings along the seawall .
The city of Galveston is situated on Galveston Island , a barrier island off the Texas Gulf coast near the mainland coast .
The city is about 45 miles ( 72 km ) southeast of downtown Houston .
A deepwater channel connects Galveston 's harbor with the Gulf and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway .
The island is 50 miles ( 80 km ) southeast of Houston .
The western portion of Galveston is referred to as the " West End " .
It recommended against any rebuilding of the West End in the event of damage due to another hurricane .
Scientists increasingly recognize that barrier islands are inherently unstable and cannot be permanently fixed .
Galveston is home to six historic districts with over 60 structures listed representing architectural significance in the National Register of Historic Places .
The Silk Stocking National Historic District , located between Broadway and Seawall Boulevard and bounded by Ave .
P , and 26th St.
The East End Historic District , located on both sides of Broadway and Market Streets , contains 463 buildings .
Other historic districts include Cedar Lawn , Denver Court and Fort Travis .
The area is a major tourist attraction for the island city .
It is the center for two very popular seasonal festivals .
It is widely considered the island 's shopping and entertainment center .
Prevailing winds from the south and southeast bring both heat from the deserts of Mexico and moisture from the Gulf of Mexico .
Hurricanes are an ever @-@ present threat during the summer and fall season , which puts Galveston in Coastal Windstorm Area .
Galveston Island and the Bolivar Peninsula are generally at the greatest risk among the communities near the Galveston Bay .
However , though the island and peninsula provide some shielding , the bay shoreline still faces significant danger from storm surge .
Census estimate , the city had a total population of 57 @,@ 466 .
The population density was 1 @,@ 240 @.@ 4 people per square mile ( 478 @.@ 9 / km2 ) .
The average household size was 2 @.@ 30 and the average family size was 3 @.@ 03 .
The median age was 36 years .
For every 100 females there were 93 @.@ 4 males .
For every 100 females age 13 and over , there were 90 @.@ 4 males .
Males had a median income of $ 30 @,@ 150 versus $ 26 @,@ 030 for females .
The per capita income for the city was $ 18 @,@ 275 .
Today , the port has grown to 850 acres ( 3 @.@ 4 km2 ) of port facilities .
The port is located on the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway , on the north side of Galveston Island , with some facilities on Pelican Island .
The port also serves as a passenger cruise ship terminal for cruise ships operating in the Caribbean .
The terminal is home port to two Carnival Cruise Lines vessels , the Carnival Conquest and the Carnival Ecstasy .
American National Insurance Company , one of the largest life insurance companies in the United States , is based in Galveston .
The company and its subsidiaries operate in all 50 U.S.
Moody National Bank , with headquarters in downtown Galveston , is one of the largest privately owned Texas @-@ based banks .
In addition , the regional headquarters of Iowa @-@ based United Fire & Casualty Company are located in the city .
Prior to Hurricane Ike , the University employed more than 12 @,@ 000 people .
William James McGanity , Dr.
David Daeschner and many more .
The facility will have 250 room , 20 operating suites and 54 intensive care beds .
When the new hospital is complete , along with the renovations at John Sealy , both complexes will have around 600 beds .
The city is also home to a 30 @-@ bed acute burns hospital for children , the Shriners Burns Hospital at Galveston .
The Galveston hospital is one of only four in the chain of 22 non @-@ profit Shriners hospitals , that provides acute burns care .
Galveston is ranked the number one cruise port on the Gulf Coast and fourth in the United States .
The center exhibits contemporary art , often by Texas @-@ based artists , and offers educational and outreach programs .
Notably , GAC organizes and produces Galveston ArtWalk .
Museum entry is free to the public , although cash donations are welcomed .
Tiered membership options and a range of volunteer opportunities are also available .
After a lengthy fundraising campaign , restoration is nearing completion .
ArtWalk takes place approximately every six weeks on Saturday evenings throughout the year .
Musicians perform outdoors and at venues such as the Proletariat Gallery & Public House or Old Quarter Acoustic Cafe .
While most ArtWalk events are concentrated downtown , there are a number or participants elsewhere on the island .
Pickar , Musical Director @-@ Conductor .
The Galveston Ballet is a regional pre @-@ professional ballet company and academy serving Galveston county .
Galveston Artist Residency ( GAR ) grants studio space , living space and a stipend to three visual artists each year .
Resident artists work in a variety of mediums and exhibit their work in the GAR Gallery and Courtyards .
Located in renovated industrial structures on the west side of downtown , GAR also hosts performances and other public events .
The project brought new life to the historic E.S.
Levy Building , which was left abandoned for twenty years .
The building also housed the U.S.
This unique bar and gallery provides a common area for NHAL and neighborhood residents and a cultural hub for the broader community .
Visual art , events and live music are regularly hosted in the space .
Galveston contains one of the largest and historically significant collections of 19th @-@ century buildings in the United States .
Galveston 's architectural preservation and revitalization efforts over several decades have earned national recognition .
The structure is also the site of what was to become the holiday known as Juneteenth .
Joseph , the patron saint of laborers .
The building is a wooden gothic revival structure , rectangular with a square bell tower with trefoil window .
Originally licensed in Galveston , KGUL was the second television station to launch in the Houston area after KPRC @-@ TV .
One of the original investors in the station was actor James Stewart , along with a small group of other Galveston investors .
The local hip hop name for Galveston is " G @-@ town .
Many statues and sculptures can be found around the city .
Here are a few well @-@ known sculptures .
Galveston has been home to many important figures in Texas and U.S.
He was also the grandson of Benjamin Franklin , one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America and Deborah Read .
While he survived , his studio and much of his portfolio were destroyed .
During the first half of the 20th century , William L.
Murphy , a Texas newspaperman for seventy @-@ four years , was the longtime executive vice president of the Texas Daily Newspaper Association .
Grammy @-@ award winning singer @-@ songwriter Barry White was born on the island and later moved to Los Angeles .
Mitchell , pioneer of hydraulic fracturing technology and developer of The Woodlands , Texas , was born and raised in Galveston .
Kay Bailey Hutchison was the senior senator from Texas and the first female Texas senator .
Jonathan Pollard , who spied for Israel and was convicted in the US and sentenced to life in jail , was born in Galveston .
Other notable people include Matt Carpenter , second baseman for the St.
The city has since adopted the council @-@ manager form of government .
The city council and mayor promote ordinances to establish municipal policies .
The Galveston City Council consists of six elected positions , each derived from a specified electoral district .
Each city council member is elected to a two @-@ year term , while the mayor is elected to a two @-@ year term .
The city council appoints the city manager , the city secretary , the city auditor , the city attorney , and the municipal judge .
The city 's Tax Collector is determined by the city council and is outsourced to Galveston County .
The city manager hires employees , promotes development , presents and administers the budget , and implements city council policies .
The Galveston Fire Department provides fire protection services through six fire stations and 17 pieces of apparatus .
The Galveston Police Department has provided the city 's police protection for more than 165 years .
Over 170 authorized officers serve in three divisions .
It is the oldest public library in the State of Texas .
The library also serves as headquarters of the Galveston County Library System , and its librarian also functions as the Galveston County Librarian .
Galveston is the seat and second @-@ largest city ( after League City , Texas ) of Galveston County in population .
The Galveston County Justice Center , which houses all the county 's judicial functions as well as jail , is located on 59th street .
The Galveston County Administrative Courthouse , the seat of civil and administrative functions , is located near the city 's downtown .
The Galveston County Sheriff 's Office operates its law enforcement headquarters and jail from the Justice Center .
The Galveston County Department of Parks and Senior Services operates the Galveston Community Center .
Galveston is located in District 23 of the Texas House of Representatives .
It is housed in the United States Post Office , Customs House and Court House federal building in downtown Galveston .
The nearest commercial airline service for the city is operated out of Houston through William P.
Hobby Airport and George Bush Intercontinental Airport .
The University of Texas Medical Branch has two heliports , one for Ewing Hall and one for its emergency room .
Island Transit , which operates the Galveston Island Trolley manages the city 's public transportation services .
All regular intercity bus service has been discontinued .
Galveston is served by Amtrak 's Texas Eagle via connecting bus service at Longview , Texas .
Interstate 45 has a southern terminus in Galveston and serves as a main artery to Galveston from mainland Galveston County and Houston .
State Highway 87 , known locally as Broadway Street , connects the island to the Bolivar Peninsula via the Bolivar Ferry .
Galveston is home to two post @-@ secondary institutions offering traditional degrees in higher education .
There is also one magnet middle school , Austin Middle School , serving grades 5 through 8 .
In addition KIPP : the Knowledge Is Power Program opened KIPP Coastal Village in Galveston under the auspices of GISD .
Several private schools exist in Galveston .
Other private schools include Satori Elementary School , Trinity Episcopal School , Seaside Christian Academy , and Heritage Christian Academy .
Sheldon Cooper , one of the main characters from the TV series The Big Bang Theory , grew up in Galveston .
For a time the real Temple Houston was the county attorney of Brazoria County , Texas .
Stephenie Meyer has mentioned Galveston island in her third book of the Twilight series , Eclipse .
It is the largest city on Lake Huron and in Lambton County .
Sarnia is located on the eastern bank of the junction between the Upper and Lower Great Lakes where Lake Huron flows into the St.
Clair River , which forms the Canada @-@ United States border , directly across from Port Huron , Michigan .
The complex of refining and chemical companies is called Chemical Valley and located south of downtown Sarnia .
The city has the highest level of particulates air pollution of any Canadian city because of its reliance on the petrochemical industry .
About 60 percent of the particulate matter , however , comes from the neighboring United States .
Culturally , Sarnia is a large part of the artistic presence in Southern Ontario .
The largest event that happens in Sarnia is Sarnia Bayfest , which is a popular music festival that takes place during the summer .
The name " Sarnia " is Latin for Guernsey , which is a British Channel Island .
The villagers wished to change its name but were unable to agree on an alternative .
The English settlers favoured the name " Buenos Aires " and the Scottish " New Glasgow " .
Sir John Colborne suggested Port Sarnia .
Great Britain supported this strengthening of the tribes in the area as a set of allies against the French and the Iroqouis .
The Grand Council survived intact until the middle to late 19th century , when more modern political systems began to evolve .
They successfully traded with the Three Fires Confederacy , which contributed to the growth of the area .
The Act mentioned 1 @,@ 000 inhabitants in three wards .
The rail lines were later linked directly to the United States by the opening of the St.
Clair Tunnel under the St.
The tunnel was an engineering marvel in its day , achieved through the development of original techniques for excavating in a compressed air environment .
Two short years later , grain shipments had become an important part of Sarnia 's economy .
During this same period , The Paul M.
It accommodates double @-@ stacked rail cars and is located next to the original tunnel , which has been sealed .
The City of Sarnia and Lambton County are also implementing an economic development plan with an emphasis on bioindustries and renewable energy .
Sarnia is located on the eastern shore of Lake Huron at its extreme southern point where it flows into the St.
The soil mostly comprises clay .
Despite this high percentage of clay , the soil is remarkably rich for cultivation .
The entire area was submerged and plant and animal matter formed many layers of sediment as they settled after the waters receded .
The village was demolished , and all that remains now is an historical marker at the corner of Vidal Street and Huron Avenue .
This neighbourhood was largely forgotten until historian Lorraine Williams penned two books about it and was instrumental in the dedication of the plaque .
Sarnia , while not quite located in the southwestern Ontario snowbelt , sometimes receives large quantities of lake @-@ effect snow .
However , cooler temperatures tend to prevail for longer after winter .
Finally , extreme temperatures , particularly lows , are rarely ever seen .
Summers are warm to hot and usually humid .
Humidex readings can be very high at times from late May to late September .
Thunderstorms can become quite severe from April to September .
Of those , 63 @.@ 77 % were aboriginal representing the largest group .
The cost of living in Sarnia , however , is significantly lower than it is in Ontario as a whole .
Large pipelines bring Alberta oil to Sarnia , where oil refining and petrochemical production have become mainstays of the city 's economy .
Shell Canada , Imperial Oil , and Suncor Energy ( Sunoco ) operate refineries in Sarnia .
Large salt beds found under the city became a source of chlorine and other significant ingredients which contributed to the success of Chemical Valley .
Chemical companies operating in Sarnia include NOVA Chemicals , Bayer ( Lanxess and H.C.
Starck ) , Cabot Corporation and Ethyl Corporation .
The plant was decommissioned , and the land has been sold to neighbouring TransAlta Energy Corporation .
TransAlta produces power and steam for industry , and is the largest natural gas co @-@ generation plant in Canada .
It has created the Bluewater Energy Park on the former Dow site .
Within the boundaries of its Sarnia plant Lanxess has also created the Bio @-@ industrial Park Sarnia .
Chemical Valley and the surrounding area are home to 62 facilities and refineries .
These industrial complexes are the heart of Sarnia 's infrastructure and economy .
They directly employ nearly 8 @,@ 000 , and contribute to almost 45 @,@ 000 additional jobs in the area .
The huge industrial area is the cause of significant air and water pollution .
The Canada Wide Daily Standard for airborne particulate matter and ozone pollution , regulation PM2.5 , is 30 micrograms per cubic metre .
Forty @-@ five percent of this particulate air pollution in Sarnia comes from Chemical Valley , and the rest drifts over the St.
Clair River from the neighbouring United States in the form of what is known as " Transboundary Air Pollution .
Sarnia is the location of Enbridge 's Sarnia Photovoltaic Power Plant .
The park is also the location of the Bioindustrial Innovation Centre , Canada 's centre for the commercialization of industrial biotechnology .
The company has since announced that it plans to double the original size of this $ 80 million plant .
Solutions4C02 is developing a 50 @,@ 000 square foot demonstration facility at the Bluewater Energy Park .
This company captures waste gas / water streams to process into value @-@ added co @-@ products .
Travellers can choose from eight branded and many family @-@ owned hotels and motels .
The Blue Water Bridge links Sarnia and its neighbouring village of Point Edward to the city of Port Huron in the United States .
Clair River , which connects Lake Huron to Lake St.
Sarnia is served by Bluewater Health , a hospital with 188 acute care beds , 70 complex continuing care beds and 27 rehabilitation beds .
Sarnia 's musical and theatrical presence in Southern Ontario is significant .
The International Symphony Orchestra plays at the Imperial Theatre for an annual season lasting from September to April .
Canadian composer and music educator Raymond Murray Schafer was born in Sarnia and developed his radical schizophonia techniques there .
Gallery Lambton offers 12 annual art exhibitions .
It is an international Category A art gallery .
During the Christmas season , the city of Sarnia presents the annual " Celebration of Lights " in Centennial Park .
Wills Rawana and a committee funded by the retail chain Hudson 's Bay , and the national telecommunications company Telus .
The Celebration , was incorporated in its national prizewinning year and is now run by a voluntary Board of Directors .
Canatara is an Ojibwe word that means Blue Water .
Within the park is Lake Chipican , a haven for 280 different species of birds on their migration routes .
The park also maintains a Children 's Animal Farm as part of Sarnia 's commitment to wildlife .
Canatara Park is one of the first parks in southern Ontario to feature an outdoor fitness equipment installation .
Sarnia has one remaining museum within its city limits : " Stones ' N Bones " , which houses over 6 @,@ 000 exhibits .
The collection includes rocks , artifacts , fossils , and bones from all over the world .
A previous museum , the Discovery House Museum , has been converted into to a hospice .
The city 's sandy fresh water beaches are a popular tourist attraction , while the sheltered harbour houses marinas for recreational sailing .
Sarnia is home to the Sarnia Sting , a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League .
Dino Ciccarelli , a former NHL player , was a part owner of the team .
Sarnia is also home to the Sarnia Legionnaires ice hockey team , which plays in the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League .
Sarnia has a successful tradition in Canadian football .
The modern Sarnia Imperials are a semi @-@ professional team playing in the Northern Football Conference .
Sarnia City Council consists of nine elected members : the Mayor , four members from the city , and four members from the county .
The Mayor and all Council members are elected to four @-@ year terms .
The four Lambton County Council members serve both County and City Council .
Clair Secondary School ) located within Sarnia 's boundaries .
Clair Catholic District School Board is responsible for the city 's seven elementary and two secondary Catholic schools ( St.
Christopher 's merged , under the St.
Patrick 's name , on St.
Christopher 's North Sarnia site .
Lambton College , which offers two @-@ year programs and diplomas , is one of Ontario 's 21 colleges of applied arts and technology .
It has a full @-@ time enrolment of 3 @,@ 500 and a part @-@ time enrolment of about 8 @,@ 000 .
It is the city 's only post @-@ secondary school .
Cable systems pipe in stations from Kitchener and Toronto .
The community publications Sarnia This Week , Lambton County Smart Shopper and Business Trends are owned by Bowes Publishing .
The monthly business oriented newspaper First Monday is owned by Huron Web Printing and Graphics .
There are two magazines currently published in Sarnia , Business Trends and Report on Industry .
Business Trends is distributed through City Hall and Report on Industry is sent to executives in surrounding businesses .
Report on Industry articles are available online .
James Doohan , the well @-@ known Star Trek actor , attended high school in Sarnia .
The Gloire @-@ class ships were designed as enlarged and improved versions of the Gueydon @-@ class armored cruisers by Emile Bertin .
Her crew numbered 612 officers and men .
Twenty @-@ four Belleville water @-@ tube boilers provided steam for her engines .
She had a designed speed of 21 @.@ 5 knots ( 39 @.@ 8 km / h ; 24 @.@ 7 mph ) .
Four of these were in single gun turrets on the sides of the ship and the other four were in casemates .
The conning tower had armored sides 150 millimeters ( 5 @.@ 9 in ) thick .
Her guns and equipment were salvaged , but the ship broke in two and was abandoned as a total loss .
He is a graduate of Binghamton University and received his Ph.D in political science at Princeton University .
An official statement from DePaul strongly defended the decision to deny Finkelstein tenure , stated that outside influence played no role in the decision .
Finkelstein has written of his Jewish parents ' experiences during World War II .
Her first husband died in the war .
Finkelstein 's mother was an ardent pacifist .
Of his parents , Finkelstein has recalled that " they saw the world through the prism of the Nazi Holocaust .
One childhood friend recalls his mother 's " emotional investment in left @-@ wing humanitarian causes as bordering on hysteria " .
His doctoral thesis was on Zionism .
Before gaining academic employment , Finkelstein was a part @-@ time social worker with teenage dropouts in New York .
He then taught successively at Rutgers University , New York University , Brooklyn College , and Hunter College and at DePaul University in Chicago .
Hunter set conditions that would have required him to spend four days a week , which he thought unacceptable .
Beginning with his doctoral thesis at Princeton , Finkelstein 's career has been marked by controversy .
Its content has been praised by eminent historians such as Raul Hilberg and Avi Shlaim , as well as Chomsky .
Peters 's " history and defense " of Israel deals with the demographic history of Palestine .
From Time Immemorial had been praised by figures as varied as Barbara Tuchman , Theodore H.
White , Elie Wiesel , and Lucy Dawidowicz .
Finkelstein asserted that the book was a " monumental hoax " .
The periodicals in which From Time Immemorial had already been favorably reviewed refused to run any critical correspondence ( e.g.
The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly , Commentary ) .
Periodicals that had yet to review the book rejected a manuscript on the subject as of little or no consequence ( e.g.
The Village Voice , Dissent , The New York Review of Books ) .
In the house journal of the American Council on Foreign Relations , Foreign Affairs , William B.
Israeli historian Avi Shlaim later praised Finkelstein 's thesis , saying that it had established his credentials when he was still a doctoral student .
According to Noam Chomsky , the controversy that surrounded Finkelstein 's research caused a delay in his earning his Ph.D.
Here , Finkelstein argues that Elie Wiesel and others exploit the memory of the Holocaust as an " ideological weapon .
I don 't even think it should be reviewed or critiqued as a legitimate book .
During a debate on Democracy Now !
He also claimed that Dershowitz did not write the book , and may not have even read it .
In two instances , Dershowitz reproduces Peters 's errors ( see below ) .
From this Finkelstein concluded that Dershowitz had not checked the original sources himself , contrary to the latter 's claims .
Finkelstein suggests that this copying of quotations amounts to copying ideas .
Dershowitz denies that he used any of Peters 's ideas without citation .
There are no borrowed words from anybody .
There are no borrowed ideas from anybody because I fundamentally disagree with the conclusions of Peters 's book .
There is no claim that Dershowitz used the words of others without attribution .
But as The Chicago Manual of Style emphasizes : ' Importance of attribution .
With all reuse of others ' materials , it is important to identify the original as the source .
This not only bolsters the claims of fair use , it also helps avoid any accusation of plagiarism .
To cite a source from a secondary source ( ' quoted in ...
As my associate Kate Levin has discovered , this passage ( " To cite a source from a secondary source ...
If an original source is unavailable , however , both the original and the secondary source must be listed .
So Chicago is clearly insisting that unless Dershowitz went to the originals , he was obliged to cite Peters .
Finkelstein has conclusively demonstrated that he didn 't go to the originals .
Plagiarism , QED , plus added time for willful distortion of the language of Chicago 's guidelines , cobbling together two separate discussions .
He 's Jewish only on his parents ' side .
De Paul 's political science committee investigated his accusations against Finkelstein and concluded that they were not based on legitimate criticism .
The three opposing faculty members subsequently filed a minority report opposing tenure , supported by the Dean of the College , Chuck Suchar .
Amidst considerable public debate , Dershowitz actively campaigned to block Finkelstein 's tenure bid .
Dennis Holtschneider , denied Finkelstein tenure .
The university denied that Dershowitz , who had been criticized for his campaign against Finkelstein 's tenure , played any part in this decision .
Finkelstein stated that he would engage in civil disobedience if attempts were made to bar him from teaching his students .
The Faculty Council later affirmed the right of Professors Finkelstein and Larudee to appeal , which a university lawyer said was not possible .
Council President Anne Bartlett said she was " ' terribly concerned ' correct procedure was not followed " .
DePaul 's faculty association considered taking no @-@ confidence votes on administrators , including the president , because of the tenure denials .
In a statement issued upon Finkelstein 's resignation , DePaul called him " a prolific scholar and an outstanding teacher " .
Dershowitz expressed outrage at the compromise and this statement in particular , saying that the university had " traded truth for peace " .
He was banned from entering Israel for 10 years .
Finkelstein was questioned after his arrival at Ben Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv and detained for 24 hours in a holding cell .
After speaking to Israeli attorney Michael Sfard he was placed on a flight back to Amsterdam , his point of origin .
I am confident that I have nothing to hide ...
Sfard said banning Finkelstein from entering the country " recalls the behavior of the Soviet bloc countries " .
Finkelstein 's books are an attempt to examine the works of mainstream scholarship .
According to Raul Hilberg , Finkelstein displays " academic courage to speak the truth when no one else is out there to support him ...
According to Roy , Finkelstein 's scholarship is , " exceptional both for its brilliance and rigor .
Norman 's power and value , however , do not emanate only from his scholarship but from his character .
Hashmatsa ) a documentary film by award @-@ winning Israeli filmmaker Yoav Shamir .
Criticism has been leveled against Finkelstein from several angles .
The first sources are responses from those whose work Finkelstein has discussed .
Like any conspiracy theory , it contains several grains of truth ; and like any such theory , it is both irrational and insidious .
Goldberg referred to the allegation as " ridiculous " and he had " never laid a hand on anybody .
Finkelstein is a sharp critic of the state of Israel .
He seems to have read everything .
I find his critique extremely detailed , well @-@ documented and accurate .
I think Israel , as a number of commentators pointed out , is becoming an insane state .
And we have to be honest about that .
Then there were reports it was planning attacks on Lebanon .
It is a lunatic state .
It is a vandal state .
There is a Russian writer who once described vandal states as Genghis Khan with a telegraph .
Israel is Genghis Khan with a computer .
I feel no emotion of affinity with that state .
I have some good friends and their families there , and of course I would not want any of them to be hurt .
That said , sometimes I feel that Israel has come out of the boils ( sic ) of the hell , a satanic state .
I am opposed to any state with an ethnic character , not only to Israel .
Finkelstein is an advocate of a two @-@ state solution to the Israeli @-@ Palestinian conflict .
I don 't care about Hizbullah as a political organization .
I don 't know much about their politics , and anyhow , it 's irrelevant .
I don 't live in Lebanon .
But there is a fundamental principle .
That to me is a very basic , elementary and uncomplicated question .
According to Finkelstein " the record shows that Israel has routinely targeted civilians for killing " and " Israel indiscriminately kills civilians " .
He concludes that " the argument , among human rights organizations at any rate is that ...
Finkelstein had made many criticisms of the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions Movement .
Finkelstein stated that " I think the solidarity movement has the right tactics .
I support the BDS .
But I said it will never reach a broad public until and unless they are explicit on their goal .
And their goal has to include recognition of Israel , otherwise it 's a nonstarter .
The problem as I see it with the BDS movement is not the tactic .
Who could not support Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ?
Of course you should .
And most of the human rights organizations , church organizations have moved in that direction .
The problem is the goal .
The broad public wants to know , where do you stand ?
And if you claim not to have a stand , you lose them .
We are based in international law .
But the international law is clear .
And then it 's a cult .
We 're wasting time .
And it 's only a wasting of time .
But now , actually , we can reach people .
There is a possibility .
I 'm not even saying a probability .
But there is a possibility that we can reach a broad public .
Otherwise , we 're going to squander a real opportunity .
And I don 't want to squander it .
Menetrez , Dershowitz vs Finkelstein .
Who 's Right and Who 's Wrong ?
Said and Christopher Hitchens .
Contributor to The Politics of Anti @-@ Semitism .
Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St.
Contributor to Radicals , Rabbis and Peacemakers : Conversations with Jewish Critics of Israel , by Seth Farber .
Reviewed work : Image and Reality of the Israel @-@ Palestine Conflict by Norman Finkelstein , Journal of Palestine Studies , Vol .
Reviewed Work : Image and Reality in the Israel @-@ Palestine Conflict.
Finkelstein , International Affairs , Vol .
Finkelstein , Journal of Palestine Studies , Vol .
Middle East Report , No.
De Zayas , Alfred .
Merkley , Paul Charles .
Z magazine reviews Beyond Chutzpah .
Review of Beyond Chutzpah .
Neve Gordon : Review of Norman Finkelstein 's , Beyond Chutzpah .
Review of Beyond Chutzpah : On the Misuse of Anti @-@ Semitism and the Abuse of History , by Norman G.
William Rubinstein et al .
Debate with Shlomo Ben @-@ Ami on Democracy Now !
The fruit body begins its development in an " egg " form , resembling somewhat a puffball partially submerged in the ground .
As the fungus matures , a slender orange to pink colored stalk emerges that tapers evenly to a pointed tip .
The stalk is covered with a foul @-@ smelling slimy green spore mass on the upper third of its length .
Flies and other insects feed upon the slime which contains the spores , assisting in their dispersal .
In the laboratory , Mutinus elegans has been shown to inhibit the growth of several microorganisms that can be pathogenic to humans .
The genus name Mutinus refers to a phallic deity , Mutinus Mutunus , one of the Roman di indigetes placated by Roman brides .
The specific epithet elegans is derived from the Latin word meaning " graceful " or " elegant " .
The upper half of the stalk is bright red to reddish orange , and the color gradually loses intensity transforming into pinkish white below .
The stalk may be straight , or slightly curved .
A gelatinous greenish @-@ brown gleba covers the upper third of the stalk in newly emerged specimens .
The remains of the " egg " forms a volva around the base of the stalk .
The odor of the gleba is foul ; one author describes it as " sickly sweet or metallic " .
The spores are a greenish @-@ brown color .
Fruit bodies are attached to the substrate by whitish rhizomorphs that resemble plant roots .
American mycologist Smith noted that the eggs are often slow to open , sometimes taking up to two weeks before the stalk expands .
The immature egg @-@ forms of Mutinus elegans are edible , but " not recommended " .
One field guides notes that the eggs of the stinkhorn fungi " taste like the seasonings that are added to them .
The portion of the stalk below the spore mass is pitted in M.
In Europe , it has been reported from Netherlands and in Asia , it has been collected in Japan .
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and worldwide .
Leading up to the race , Oxford suffered a variety of misfortune : M.
McThornhill was ordered by his doctor not to row , H.
Hale was injured and president Felix Warre contracted scarlet fever .
Oxford 's crew contained three members with Boat Race experience : C.
Eight of the nine Light Blues were students at Trinity College .
Dutton , a native of South Australia , was the only non @-@ British participant registered in the race .
Oxford won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station , handing the Middlesex side of the river to Cambridge .
In good conditions , umpire Willan got the race under way at 2 : 00 p.m.
The lack of instruction in them by some dioceses formed the basis of one of the criticisms launched against the Church by Protestant reformers .
The most recent Catechism devotes a large section to interpret each of the commandments .
Church teaching of the Commandments is largely based on the Old and New Testaments and the writings of the early Church Fathers .
The first three commandments demand respect for God 's name , observation of the Lord 's Day and prohibit the worship of other gods .
The Old Testament does not make clear how the texts should be divided to arrive at ten commandments .
Other Christian churches , such as the Eastern Orthodox and some Protestant churches , use a form established by the Greek Fathers .
The two forms have slightly different numbering , but maintain exactly the same substance despite Protestant accusations to the contrary .
Jewish numbering differs from Christian denominations in that it considers what many Christians call a prologue to be the entire first commandment .
The Ten Commandments are recognized as a moral foundation by Judaism , Christianity , and Islam .
Some historians have described this as " the central event in the history of ancient Israel " .
They are God 's order conquering chaos .
They are not man 's ideas about God , but God 's ideas about man .
Scholars contend that the Commandments were highly regarded by the early Church as a summary of God 's law .
This emphasis conflicted with Protestant beliefs , which held the Commandments as the source of divine grace .
Later , theologians Thomas Aquinas and Bonaventure offered notable commentaries on the Commandments .
According to the Catechism , the Church has given them a predominant place in teaching the faith since the fifth century .
Augustine interpreted this commandment as " Love God and then do what you will " .
The Catechism associates this commandment with the three theological virtues .
The first virtue , faith , instructs Catholics to believe in God and avoid heresy , apostasy , and schism .
The second virtue , hope , cautions Catholics against despair and presumption .
It further prohibits astrology , palm reading , and consulting horoscopes or mediums .
While Catholics are sometimes accused of worshiping images , in violation of the first commandment , the Church says this is a misunderstanding .
In the 8th century , heated arguments arose over whether religious icons ( in this context paintings ) were prohibited by the first commandment .
It states that " by becoming incarnate , the Son of God introduced a new economy of images " .
The second commandment prohibits the use of God 's name in vain .
Many ancient cultures believed that names were sacred ; some had prohibitions on when a person 's name could be spoken .
They interpreted his statement as a claim of divinity .
Since they did not believe that he was God , they considered this blasphemy , which under Mosaic law carries a death penalty .
According to Catholic teaching , this commandment does not preclude the use of God 's name in taking solemn oaths administered by legitimate authority .
It also constituted the core of the social order .
The Didache calls on Christians to come together on the Lord 's Day to break bread and give thanks .
The Catechism offers guidelines on how to observe the Lord 's Day , which include attending Mass on Sundays and holy days of obligation .
According to the USCCB , this commandment " has been concretized for Catholics " as one of the Church precepts .
Yet more than a precept , the observance should be seen as a need rising from the depths of Christian life .
Pope Benedict XVI states that Rabbi Neusner " rightly sees this commandment as anchoring the heart of the social order " .
Respect toward parents that also flows to brothers and sisters .
Respect for their children as children of God and human persons .
Proper discipline for children while being careful not to provoke them .
For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother , and my sister , and mother .
By doing God 's will , any person can become part of the universal family of Jesus .
Thus , the fourth commandment 's responsibilities extend to the greater society and requires respect for " legitimate social authorities " .
This commandment demands respect for human life and is more accurately translated as " thou shalt not murder .
Jesus expanded it to prohibit unjust anger , hatred and vengeance , and to require Christians to love their enemies .
The Catechism states that the embryo " must be treated from conception as a person " .
The Latin original of as is tamquam , meaning " like " or " just as " .
Abortion has been specifically and persistently condemned by the Church since the first century .
Embryonic stem cell research is called " an immoral means to a good end " and " morally unacceptable .
The fifth commandment forbids suicide and the mercy killing of those who are dying , even to eliminate suffering .
The ordinary care of those facing an imminent death may not morally be withheld , according to the Church .
Saint Augustine answered objections to capital punishment rooted in the first commandment in The City of God .
Thomas Aquinas and Duns Scotus argued that civil authority to carry out capital punishment was supported by scripture .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church states that the death penalty is permissible in cases of extreme gravity .
Kidnapping , terrorism , and torture are forbidden , as well as sterilizations , amputations , mutilations that are not for therapeutic medical reasons .
According to the Catechism , societies have a moral obligation to strive to provide healthy living conditions for all people .
Organ donation after death and organ transplants under certain terms , also autopsies for legal and scientific reasons are permitted .
Going further , Christ asks his disciples to love their enemies .
The Catechism asserts that " it is legitimate to insist on respect for one 's own right to life .
The defense of the common good requires that an unjust aggressor be rendered unable to cause harm .
The reasons for going to war are defensive .
It is a last resort taken only after all other means of putting an end to the " grave damage " have been ineffective .
The ultimate aim is peace and there is a serious chance of success .
No graver evils are produced that overshadow the evil to be eliminated .
This forbids the use of arms to eliminate whole cities and areas with their inhabitants .
Respect and care is required for non @-@ combatants , wounded soldiers and prisoners .
Soldiers are required to disobey commands to commit genocide and ones that violate universal principles .
The Catechism classifies scandal under the fifth commandment and defines it as " an attitude or behavior which leads another to do evil " .
According to the Church , humans are sexual beings whose sexual identity should be accepted in the unity of body and soul .
The sexes are meant by divine design to be different and complementary , each having equal dignity and made in the image of God .
After all , young people are always searching for the beauty in love .
They want their love to be beautiful .
This is as true of boys as it is of girls .
Ultimately , they know that only God can give them this love .
As a result , they are willing to follow Christ , without caring about the sacrifices this may entail .
Like Orthodox Judaism and Islam , the Catholic Church considers all sexual acts outside of marriage to be grave sins .
The gravity of the sin " ' excludes one from sacramental communion ' until repented of and forgiven in sacramental confession .
Church teaching on the sixth commandment includes a discussion on chastity .
The Catechism describes chastity as a " moral virtue ...
Fornication is the sexual union of an unmarried man and an unmarried woman .
Pornography ranks higher because it is considered a perversion of the sexual act that is intended for distribution to third parties for viewing .
The gravity of the sinfulness is less for prostitutes who are forced into the act by destitution , blackmail or social pressure .
Rape is an intrinsically evil act that can cause grave damage to the victim for life .
The Catechism devotes a separate section to homosexuality within its explanation of the sixth commandment .
Like heterosexual acts outside of marriage , homosexual acts are considered sins .
The Church distinguishes between homosexual attractions , which are not considered sinful , and homosexual acts , which are .
Under no circumstances can they be approved .
Homosexuals are , according to the Church , " called to chastity " .
The unitive aspect includes the transference of each partner 's being " so that they are no longer two but one flesh .
This is the consequence of the gift of themselves which they make to each other .
Love seeks to be definitive ; it cannot be an arrangement ' until further notice .
Artificial birth control predates Christianity ; the Catholic Church has condemned these methods throughout its history .
The Church seeing large families as a sign of God 's blessing .
The Church rejects all forms of artificial insemination and fertilization because the techniques divorce the sexual act from the creation of a child .
The Catechism states , " A child is not something owed to one , but is a gift ...
Adultery is the sexual union of a man and woman where at least one is married to someone else .
It is for this reason that the Church considers it a greater sin than fornication .
The Catechism states , " Divorce is a grave offense against the natural law .
It claims to break the contract , to which the spouses freely consented , to live with each other till death .
In extreme situations , such as domestic violence , separation is allowed .
This is not considered a divorce and may be justified .
Civil divorce is not a divorce according to the Church .
Annulment is not a divorce ; it is a ruling by the Church that the marriage was never valid .
The Catechism explains that this commandment regulates worldly goods , and forbids unjustly taking , using or damaging those that belong to someone else .
It places requirements upon those who possess worldly goods to use them responsibly , taking into consideration the good of society .
According to the Church , people have a right to private property .
Private property and the common good are seen as complementary elements that exist for the purpose of strengthening society .
The papal encyclical Rerum novarum discusses the relationships and mutual duties between labor and capital , as well as government and its citizens .
The encyclical supported the right to form unions , rejected socialism , communism and unrestricted capitalism , and affirmed the right to private property .
The Church teaches that a balance should exist between government regulation and the laws of the marketplace .
The Catechism explains that bearing false witness or " speaking a falsehood with the intention of deceiving " encompasses all violations of truth .
These violations have degrees of gravity depending on the " intentions of the one who lies and the harms suffered by its victims .
Rash judgement : believing , without sufficient evidence , that a person has done moral faults .
Detraction : the disclosure of another 's faults without a valid reason .
Calumny : lying to harm a person 's reputation and providing opportunity to others to make false judgements concerning them .
Flattery : " speech to deceive others for our benefit .
Bragging , boasting , or mocking : speech which either only honors oneself or dishonors others .
The Church requires those who have damaged the reputation of another to " make reparation for the untruth they have communicated .
Priests are prohibited from violating the seal of confession no matter how grave the sin or its impact on society .
The use of modern media in spreading untruths , by individuals , businesses or governments , is condemned .
The ninth and tenth commandments deal with coveting , which is an interior disposition not a physical act .
The Catechism distinguishes between covetousness of the flesh ( improper sexual desire ) and covetousness for another 's worldly goods .
The ninth commandment deals with the former and the tenth the latter .
Chastity , which enables people to love others with upright and undivided hearts .
Purity of vision , " external and internal " , disciplining the thoughts and imagination to reject those that are impure .
Prayer that recognizes the power of God to grant a person the ability to overcome sexual desires .
Modesty , of the feelings as well as the body is discreet in choice of words and clothing .
Jesus stated , " Blessed are the clean of heart , for they shall see God .
The Catechism teaches that " there is a connection between purity of heart , of body and of faith .
Greed is the desire for too much of what one does not need .
Envy is the desire for what belongs to another .
The US Bishops define it as " an attitude that fills us with sadness at the sight of another 's prosperity .
It was poorly received but eventually became a valuable tool with which to mix rock recordings .
Technically , it is known as a speaker that easily reveals poor quality in recordings .
It was sold at the $ 400 price point .
The speaker was poorly received and its commercial life was short .
However , it took five years for its popularity to be established with professional users .
It probably first reached American shores through a recording engineer 's visit to Japan .
Ladanyi then began using the speakers in a Los Angeles studio .
Other engineers heard the NS @-@ 10 for the first time and were impressed by its sound .
Its use spread to New York where the NS @-@ 10 was adopted at The Power Station and other studios .
It became a legend that Clearmountain had chosen it because it was the worst speaker he could find .
Recording studios around the world , particularly those specialising in rock and pop music , adopted the speaker as the standard .
In excess of 200 @,@ 000 pairs were sold throughout the world .
Gizmodo referred to it as " the most important loudspeaker you never heard of " .
Even years after it was discontinued , the speaker continued to be found in studios everywhere .
The domestic version of the speaker was vertically orientated , and came factory fitted with a grille .
Its two drivers are a 180 mm paper woofer and a 35 mm soft @-@ domed tweeter .
The woofer 's diaphragm , weighing 3 @.@ 7 g , is manufactured from a flat sheet of pressed pulp paper .
Unconventionally , it is formed into conical shape not through moulding or pressure , but by curling and then gluing the two ends together .
Against the black finish of the cabinet , the white bass / mid driver cone is a distinctive and iconic feature of the product .
The network is second @-@ order passive , crossing over at 2 kHz .
The early version of the speaker has press @-@ down type output terminals ; later models had screw terminals .
The NS @-@ 10 does not have a perfectly flat frequency response .
The midrange response is so open that it exposes the frequencies that are the most problematic and worst @-@ sounding to the human ear .
On a practical level for the music professional , the speaker is analytic and clinical @-@ sounding .
Part of this was related to its closed @-@ box design .
The revised version , with everything including the logo and connection panel orientated horizontally , was badged " NS @-@ 10M Studio " .
In excess of 200 @,@ 000 pairs of " Studio " alone were sold throughout the world .
Also in the product line @-@ up were NS @-@ 10T , NS @-@ 10M X , NS @-@ 10MC , NS @-@ 10MT .
The NS @-@ 10M X is a " Studio " with magnetic shielding and a different tweeter .
The sound quality of the NS @-@ 10 has polarised opinions , characterised as " love them or hate them " .
Covering the tweeters with tissue paper was said to produce treble @-@ deficient mixes when replayed on normal domestic hi @-@ fi .
The phenomenon became the subject of hot debate .
Recording engineer Bob Hodas investigated the alleged sonic effects of tissue paper .
Hodas derided the tissue practice as " aberrant behaviour " , saying that engineers usually fear comb filtering and its associated cancellation effects .
He also suggested that more controllable and less random electronic filtering would be preferable .
Route 91 ( US @-@ 91 ) near Richmond via Lewiston , in the extreme northern part of the state .
Exiting Cornish , the highway crosses the Bear River and continues east through rural Cache County .
All of the rail lines that SR @-@ 61 crosses originally belonged to the Oregon Short Line Railway .
Aside from the segment through Lewiston , the highway is surrounded by farmland for its entire journey across northern Utah .
Every year , UDOT conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume .
Thirty @-@ five percent of this was truck traffic .
The original river crossings were slightly further south than their current locations .
The entire route is in Cache County .
The hemmema was initially developed for use against the Russian Navy in the Archipelago Sea and along the coasts of Svealand and Finland .
The hemmema replaced the galleys that had made up the core of the Swedish archipelago fleets until the mid @-@ 18th century .
Oden , the first hemmema , was relatively small and very similar to a turuma , a different type of " archipelago frigate " .
The later versions , both Swedish and Russian , were much larger and much more heavily armed than Oden .
Russian naval power in the Baltic grew to challenge the interests of Sweden , the other leading power in the Baltic .
The Swedes began to deploy inshore flotillas of shallow @-@ draft vessels , beginning with smaller versions of the traditional Mediterranean galleys .
Most of these new vessels were more akin to galiots and were complemented with gun prams .
The committee based many of its conclusions and decisions on his ideas .
The Swedish armed forces invested considerable resources in the new army branch and made it a professional , independent organization .
The prams carried more guns than the galleys , but proved far too slow to be effective .
The concept of small sailing frigates with a complementary set of oars ( or " sweeps " ) was not new .
The English Tudor navy had used small " galleasses " in the mid @-@ 16th century .
During the 18th century the Russian Navy introduced " shebecks " , Baltic variants on the Mediterranean xebecs , for inshore duties .
The Russian designs influenced Chapman and the Swedish naval commanders .
Consequently , Chapman 's designs for new ships were elaborations on those principles , but with adaptations to archipelago warfare .
They could operate in the narrow , shallow waters around skerries in all weathers and in open water in all but the worst storms .
They had a deeper draft than galleys , but considerably shallower draft than traditional sailing warships .
It had a low hull with no forecastle , only a low quarterdeck , and no poop deck .
It had three masts that were initially rigged with lateen sails , like a galley .
The navy later replaced the lateen rigs with a more conventional square @-@ sail frigate rig .
The early design provided for 14 pairs of oars with four men per oar .
The oars were also placed on a rectangular outrigger , designed to further improve the leverage .
Even so , hemmemas performed poorly when rowed and were difficult in contrary winds .
They were slower than ordinary sailing ships , but sailed better than galleys .
They also had some of the heaviest broadsides , even when compared with the much larger frigates of the high seas navy .
Due to their considerable firepower and relative size , naval historian Jan Glete has described the hemmemas as " super archipelago frigates " .
The hemmema 's design was very similar to that of the turuma .
The later hemmemas were considerably larger , more heavily armed , and of a more robust construction .
Glete has described them as variations on the same type , especially when considering the pre @-@ war designs .
Hemmemas fought in the first and second battles of Svensksund .
Like the other specialized archipelago vessels , the hemmema had specific strengths and weaknesses .
A total of twelve hemmemas were built , six of them for the Swedish archipelago fleet and six for the Russian Navy .
Details of individual vessels are listed below .
After the war he became a professor of physics at the Carnegie Institute of Technology .
He led a group that studied the metallurgy of uranium and other elements used in reactor designs .
Under his leadership , General Atomics developed TRIGA , a nuclear reactor for universities and laboratories .
He had two older brothers , John and Jim , and a younger sister , Edith .
He played a number of musical instruments , including the mandolin , ukulele and trombone .
He played in the school bands at Janesville High School and Monroe High School .
At Janesville he played tenor banjo in a dance orchestra called Rosie 's Ragadors , and timpani with the school orchestra at Monroe .
He also played left guard on the American football teams at Janesville and Monroe .
He expressed an interest in chemistry , biology , geology and photography .
He entered the University of Wisconsin and studied mathematics and physics .
Mack gave Creutz a research project to do in his junior year .
Creutz remained at Wisconsin as a graduate student after receiving his Bachelor of Science ( B.S.
The couple had three children , two sons , Michael and Carl , and a daughter , Ann Jo .
They wanted Creutz to help get it operational .
On my third day in Princeton I was invited to give a short report on my thesis work .
There were usually two or three speakers at these " Journal Club " meetings .
This time the speakers were Niels Bohr , Albert Einstein , and Ed Creutz .
To be on the same program with these two giants of scientific accomplishments was breathtaking .
Just before the meeting began , my sponsor , Delsasso , asked me , " Say , Creutz , have you met Einstein yet ?
Physicists rushed to confirm the results .
Wigner led the Theoretical Group that included Creutz , Leo Ohlinger , Alvin M.
Weinberg , Katharine Way and Gale Young .
The group 's task was to design the reactors that would convert uranium into plutonium .
At the time , reactors existed only on paper , and no reactor had yet gone critical .
Creutz studied the corrosion of metals in a water @-@ cooled system , and designed the cooling system .
As a group leader at the Metallurgical Laboratory , Creutz conducted studies of uranium and how it could be extruded into rods .
It also investigated the forging of beryllium , and the preparation of thorium .
As part of the preparation for the Trinity nuclear test , Creutz conducted a test detonation at Pajarito Canyon without nuclear material .
This test brought bad news ; it seemed to indicate that the Trinity test would fail .
A visiting scholar , Gilberto Bernardini , created the first photographic emulsion of a meson .
In addition to his work on nuclear physics , he cultivated flowers and orchids at his home .
He published eight papers on floral species , and named three varieties of violets after his children .
He travelled to Polynesia many times , and translated Grammar of the Tahitian language from French into English .
His family served as hosts for a time to two young people from Tahiti and Samoa .
While there he was approached by Frederic de Hoffmann , who recruited him to join the General Atomics division of General Dynamics .
Under his leadership , General Atomics developed TRIGA , a small reactor for universities and laboratories .
TRIGA used uranium zirconium hydride ( UZrH ) fuel , which has a large , prompt negative fuel temperature coefficient of reactivity .
As the temperature of the core increases , the reactivity rapidly decreases .
It is thus highly unlikely , though not completely impossible , for a nuclear meltdown to occur .
Vrain Generating Station in Colorado encountered technical problems .
General Atomics also conducted research into thermonuclear energy , including means of magnetically confining plasma .
The two of them enjoyed locating and photographing rare orchids .
He expanded programs for education and outreach , and secured funding for two new buildings .
That year started playing for the Knox Ford Raiders in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League ( WNWBL ) .
The following year , she was named the team 's Players ' Player and Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) .
Del Toso has two siblings ; her younger brother Daniel also developed the disease .
Prior to her diagnosis , she played regular basketball .
Del Toso has worked as a receptionist , and as a participation assistant for Basketball Victoria .
Del Toso was a 4 point wheelchair basketball player .
An Australian Paralympic Committee flyer on the wall at her local gym asking " Are you the next Paralympian ?
She was advised to take up wheelchair basketball .
That year , she made her debut in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League ( WNWBL ) with the Knox Ford Raiders .
At the end of the season , she was named the most improved player .
She scored 20 points in her team 's victory .
That season , she was named the team 's Players Player and Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) .
The Rangers won the league championship again that year .
The London Games were her first .
This was enough to advance the Gliders to the quarter @-@ finals , where they beat Mexico .
The Gliders then defeated the United States by a point to set up a final clash with Germany .
By the end of the Pacific War , the wing was attached to the Australian First Tactical Air Force and was made up of Nos.
Its combat units consisted of Nos.
The wing was commanded by Group Captain Charles Eaton , whose Dutch personnel called him " Oom Charles " ( Uncle Charles ) .
Operating under the auspices of North @-@ Western Area Command ( NWA ) , Darwin , No.
Eaton organised a large raid against Su , Dutch Timor , on 19 April .
By the end of the month , Mitchell missions were put on hold while replacement crews were trained .
The wing 's composition for this move was to be Nos.
The same month , Group Captain Eaton posted out and was replaced by Group Captain John Ryland .
The squadron accounted for around half of the thirty @-@ eight enemy vessels sunk by No.
Wing operations were cut back in March , as preparations were made to transfer the Mitchells to Jacquinot Bay in New Britain .
On 6 April , all twenty available aircraft of Nos.
Allied submarines sank the damaged Isuzu the next day .
The following month , No.
These were the only two squadrons in the RAAF to operate Mitchells during the war .
It was written by series creator Ryan Murphy and directed by Elodie Keene .
Both tracks were released as singles , available for digital download .
Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch ) observes that head cheerleader Quinn Fabray 's ( Dianna Agron ) performance standards are slipping .
Determined to stay close to her husband , Terri takes a job as the school nurse , despite having no medical qualifications .
She encourages Emma 's boyfriend , football coach Ken Tanaka ( Patrick Gallagher ) to propose to her , which he does .
Finn and Rachel Berry ( Lea Michele ) feel guilty for cheating , however , and agree to nullify the competition .
Jones ) and Andrea Carmichael ( Earlene Davis ) .
Joe Hursley guest stars as Joe .
Michele has revealed that she practiced talking " manically " for several days in order to convey the effects of pseudoephedrine on Rachel .
In order to portray the character in her altered state , she questioned : " How manic is the right amount of manic ?
What would Rachel be like on uppers ?
What would she sound like ?
The episode was watched by 7 @.@ 30 million U.S.
It was the eighteenth most watched show in Canada for the week of broadcast , with 1 @.@ 61 million viewers .
It received generally positive reviews from critics .
She felt , however , that the episode " didn 't have nearly enough singing " .
In fact all the best non @-@ singing moments in the episode were hers .
Hobbs made international news when Governor West sent her to implement martial law in the small Eastern Oregon town of Copperfield .
Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and at the Oregon Journal newspaper .
Her father then met with financial difficulties , and she moved to Oregon , settling in Hillsboro .
There , she put her younger brother and sister through school , while studying stenography and working for a living .
She soon became a private secretary to the president of the Title Guarantee and Trust Company .
The bank , which held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund , failed during Hobbs ' time there .
He took note of Hobbs ' strong loyalty to her employer .
After the bank 's failure , Hobbs worked as a governess for J.
Wesley Ladd ( brother of William S.
Ladd ) in Portland .
She also helped raise her younger brother and sister , studied stenography and the law , and worked as a secretary .
She was hired , and impressed West to the point that he hired her as his private secretary two years later .
Copperfield , located on the Snake River in Baker County , had grown up around construction projects for a railroad tunnel and power plant .
Fifteen @-@ hundred jobs in the area came from the railway project of E.
Harriman or the power generation facility .
The town had descended into lawlessness with a number of saloons , brothels , dancing halls , and widespread gambling .
The town had no law enforcement officers , and the local government officials had become bar keepers .
Governor West had extended prohibition laws , Some local residents had appealed to the state government for assistance.
She was dispatched with orders to restore order and to implement martial law if necessary .
A town meeting was arranged at 2 : 30 p.m.
Hobbs renewed the call for the resignation of city officials , but was the request was refused .
Hobbs ' escorts then arrested the city leaders and ordered Lawson to declare martial law .
It was the first time in Oregon since the Civil War that martial law was put into effect .
Soon the town was disarmed and order restored , with the gambling equipment and weapons confiscated , and the saloons closed down .
Hobbs then left Lawson in charge and caught the 4 : 00 p.m.
Governor West requested a hearing , seeking Rand 's temporary removal from office , and appointed Hobbs to represent the State as special counsel .
The actions of the governor were later challenged in court , with Hobbs and West among the defendants .
The saloon keepers sought remuneration for liquor they claimed was confiscated during the period of martial law .
The Baker County circuit court determined the governor 's actions were within his powers , and the Oregon Supreme Court ultimately concurred .
These events made Hobbs the most famous woman in Oregon at that time .
Hobbs also made national and international news for these events .
A local election had declared the town " dry , " but a county election had declared the entire county " wet .
Hobbs did not order the saloon closed down .
She then moved to Portland and practiced law .
Women 's rights groups promoted Hobbs as a candidate to run for governor , but she never ran for office .
In that position Hobbs was responsible for notifying dead soldiers ' next of kin .
Upon returning to Oregon , Hobbs worked as a secretary for the Oregon Journal newspaper .
Her eyes are clear and blue behind her glasses .
There is not a gray hair on her head .
She grew up in Scotland and won a scholarship to train as a teacher .
Family finances dictated otherwise , leading to her becoming a domestic worker at the age of 15 .
Stephen later become more involved in formal political parties , being elected as a local councillor and standing as a candidate in general elections .
After moving to Bristol she became the first woman president of Bristol Trades Council .
Some sources give Stephen 's place of birth as Marylebone , London , others as Glasgow .
The eldest of eleven children in a " closely @-@ knit ...
She attended Sunday schools separately linked to the church and to socialism , and was educated at North Kelvinside School .
She won a scholarship to train as a pupil @-@ teacher .
She described her mother as being " so quiet and the very opposite of dad " .
Other speakers included Emmeline Pethick @-@ Lawrence and Theodora Wilson Wilson .
She also visited Vancouver , where she encouraged migrant English domestic workers to unionise .
At the time of the Second World War , she worked for Murphy Radio in Welwyn Garden City .
She later became chair of the local CWS management committee .
Around this time , she spoke publicly and gave advice on birth control .
She was elected to the city council .
Of Human Feelings is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman .
Critics generally praised Coleman 's expressive music and harmolodic approach , but the album made little commercial impact and went out of print .
Coleman found Tacuma 's playing ideal for harmolodics and encouraged him not to change .
They had mechanical problems with the studio equipment and the recording was rejected .
The failed session was a project under Phrase Text , Coleman 's music publishing company .
He wanted to set up his own record company with the same name , and chose his old friend Kunle Mwanga as his manager .
Jackson did not record with the band and Calvin Weston was hired in his place to play simultaneously with Denardo Coleman .
They recorded all the album 's songs on the first take without any equipment problems .
According to him , Of Human Feelings was the first jazz album to be digitally recorded in the United States .
Coleman incorporated traditional structures and rhythms , and other elements from the rhythm and blues music he had played early his career .
According to Mandel , the album 's simple , brisk music was more comparable to a coherent R & B band than jazz fusion .
Tacuma and Ornette Coleman 's instrumental responses were played as the foreground to the less prominent guitars .
The band made no attempt to harmonize their radically different parts .
Of Human Feelings features shorter and more distinct compositions than Dancing in Your Head .
Mwanga immediately quit after less than four months as Coleman 's manager .
German musicologist Peter Niklas Wilson said the album may have been the most tuneful and commercial @-@ sounding of his career at that point .
Because the record offered a middle ground between funk and jazz , McRae argued that it consequently appealed to neither demographic of listeners .
The album later went out of print .
Of Human Feelings received considerable acclaim from contemporary critics .
He found the songs inspirational , danceable , and encompassing developments in African @-@ American music over the previous century .
Purist critics in jazz complained about the music 's incorporation of danceable beats and electric guitar .
In Stereo Review , Chris Albertson deemed the combination of saxophone and bizarre funk occasionally captivating but ultimately unfocused .
It was voted 13th best in the Pazz & Jop , an annual poll of American critics nationwide , published in The Village Voice .
According to Stan Bernstein , Coleman had financial expectations that were " unrealistic in this business unless you 're Michael Jackson " .
Coleman did not record another album for six years and instead performed internationally with Prime Time .
Joshua Klein from The A.V.
All compositions by Ornette Coleman .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
The tour was reviewed negatively by Dave Simpson of The Guardian who graded it with two stars out of five .
The show also featured a small staircase and platforms on both side of the stairs for her band .
An age later , cheers erupt for the raising of a curtain which revealed , er , a roadie fiddling with a drum kit .
A highlight for many fans was her performance of " Dangerously in Love 2 " .
During the tour , a special 8 @-@ minutes rendition of the song was performed .
Simpson of The Guardian reviewed the opening show of the tour negatively , grading it with two out of five stars .
Behind @-@ the @-@ scenes footage can be also seen on the DVD .
The album debuted at number seventeen on the Billboard 200 , selling 45 @,@ 000 copies in its first week .
The DVD has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipping 200 @,@ 000 copies .
In addition to the future general , Zhou accepted other children as archery pupils .
Yue later taught what he had learned from Zhou to his soldiers and they were successful in battle .
Because of his association with the outlaws , he is often confused with the similarly named outlaw Zhou Tong .
Various wuxia novels and folk legends have endowed Zhou with different kinds of martial and supernatural skills .
He is also linked to Northern Praying Mantis boxing via Lin Chong and Yan Qing .
Wang Shaotang 's folktale even represents him as a master of Drunken Eight Immortals boxing .
However , the oldest historical record that mentions his name only says he taught archery to Yue Fei .
Nothing is ever said about him knowing or teaching a specific style of Chinese martial arts .
Zhou has appeared in various forms of media such as novels , comic books , and movies .
This was later adapted into a ten volume Lianhuanhua comic book .
He also appears in a novel concerning one of his fictional martial arts brothers .
Zhou 's mention in Yue Ke 's memoir was only briefly summarized in the Yuan rewrite .
He learned everything and could fire with his left and right hands .
After Tong 's death , he would offer sacrifices at his tomb " .
This differs from the spelling present in fictional sources , which will be further explained below .
He would stay up all night reading military strategy books and idolized such great historical heroes as Guan Yu .
Yao was very surprised when his grandson quickly mastered the spear by the age of thirteen .
Zhou was then brought in to continue Yue 's military training in archery .
Kaplan describes Zhou as the " most important " of the two teachers .
Grandfather , thanked him and asked to be allowed to try .
He drew his bow , let fly his arrow and struck the end of T 'ung 's arrow .
He shot again and again hit the mark .
T 'ung was greatly amazed and subsequently presented to grandfather his two favorite bows .
The last sentence of the passage is similar to one from the Republican era Biography of Song Yue , Prince of E.
Zhou continued to teach the children until his death , prior to Yue 's legal adulthood .
Following his passing , Yue became extremely depressed since Zhou had been the greatest influence on his early life .
Kaplan comments this continuous unusual display of mourning " went far beyond the ceremonial appropriate for even a highly respected teacher " .
Yue 's father later followed him secretly to Zhou 's tomb after striking him during an argument over his melancholic behavior .
There , he saw him perform the unorthodox obediences involving the meat , wine , and three arrows .
Since Yue joined the military shortly after Zhou 's death , a relative time frame can be given for when he died .
The Story of Yue Fei is a fictionalized retelling of Yue Fei 's young life , military exploits , and execution .
It was deemed a threat by the Qing emperors and banned during the Qianlong era .
In the novel , Zhou is portrayed as an elderly widower and Yue 's only military arts tutor .
The General 's historical spear master Chen Guang is never mentioned .
Zhou teaches Yue Fei and his sworn brothers military and literary arts from chapters two through five , before his death .
In the writing of his novel , Qian Cai used a different character when spelling Zhou 's given name .
This spelling has even been carried over into modern day martial arts manuals .
The last few chapters incorporate the storyline from the four chapters that he appears in The Story of Yue Fei .
Zhou is born in Shaanxi and trains in the martial arts from a young age .
As a young man , Zhou catches the attention of Judge Bao Zheng and enlists in the military as an officer .
The school has three teaching positions named in order of prestige : " Heaven , " " Earth , " and " Man .
He uses this post and his friendship with General Zong to get their classmate Sun Li installed as the Superintendent of Forces of Dengzhou .
During this time , Zhou Tong also has an additional disciple named Wu Song .
During his stay in the capital , he makes the acquaintance of Zhou .
Unfortunately , these two men only interact for a brief two months before Wu has to return home , never to see Zhou again .
But Zhou later becomes an outlaw himself after he aids the heroes of the Water Margin and is forced to flee from government forces .
However , this reunion is cut short when the troops track him to Shaolin .
One day , Zhou surprises the children with a written exam and leaves the classroom to speak with a visitor .
After easily finishing the task at hand , Yue writes a heroic poem on a whitewashed wall and signs it with his name .
The children then burst into the classroom upon learning of Zhou 's forthcoming return and tell Yue to escape in order to avoid apprehension .
She consents and Yue takes his seat amongst Zhou 's students the following morning .
Because Zhou knows Yue is poor , he commands the four students to become sworn brothers .
Zhou also begins to teach Yue all of the eighteen weapons of war .
Father and son then return home to their village .
Magistrate Li writes out a marriage certificate and dispatches a messenger to deliver the document to Yue Fei in Unicorn Village .
Zhou and Yue set out at dawn and travel back to Tangyin to thank the Magistrate for his generosity and kindness .
Li decides to let Yue pick from any one of his thousands of horses because every able military man needs a strong steed .
After finishing their feast , Zhou and Yue thank Li once again and leave Tangyin to return home .
During their journey , Zhou recommends that Yue run the horse to test its speed .
Yue spurs the horse on leaving Zhou in pursuit .
But he soon falls ill and stays bedridden for seven days .
Buddhist and Taoist Priests were asked to come and chant prayers , for seven times seven , namely forty @-@ nine days .
Then the body was taken up to be buried beside the Hill of Dripping Water " .
Although The Story of Yue Fei states Zhou died shortly before Yue took a wife , he historically died after Yue married .
It is likely that the original author invented this fictional date .
According to The Story of Yue Fei , Zhou was married with a son .
He defeats Meng in a lei tai martial arts contest and wins her as his wife .
But she is shortly thereafter kidnapped by the wicked monks of the Stone Buddha temple .
Both Zhou and Meng eventually defeat the monks with their combined martial skills and later marry at the Miaochuan Pass in Hubei province .
He later dies in battle against the Liao Dynasty .
After his son 's death , Zhou retreats to the Xiangguo Temple for a long morning period .
He need change neither his name nor his surname .
So , The Story of Yue Fei was the first full @-@ blown fictionalized novel to introduce the adoption storyline .
He is generally portrayed as a large elderly man with a powerful voice .
Heroes and religious masters with above normal height are a recurring theme in Chinese folklore .
For instance , his student Wu Song is said to be over nine feet tall in the same folktale .
A Hagiography of the Taoist saint Zhang Daoling states he was over seven feet tall .
Square mouth public talk is actually a mixture of two forms of dialogue : Fangkou and Guanbai .
Guanbai ( public talk ) is monologue and dialogue that is sometimes used for " imposing heroes " .
This mixture of styles means Zhou Tong is treated as a highly regarded hero .
Wu speaks square mouth utilizing standard mandarin without rusheng ( short glottal syllables ) .
On the contrary , Zhou speaks squaremouth using the Yangzhou tone system , which does utilize rusheng syllables .
The Water Margin ( c .
Most importantly , the two were not among his historical students since they are fictional characters .
The tale takes place during Wu 's mission to Kaifeng , but before the murder of his older brother Wu Dalang .
Zhou teaches Wu the " Rolling Dragon " style of swordplay during the constable 's one @-@ month stay in the capital city .
It eventually carried over into the storyline of Iron Arm , Golden Sabre and , subsequently , The Legend of Zhou Tong .
In the latter version , Wu instead learns Chuo Jiao boxing from Zhou during a two month stay in the capital .
Wang 's tale portrays Zhou as an aging itinerant swordmaster with " a fame reverberating like thunder " throughout the underworld society of Jianghu .
Because of his association with these outlaws , Zhou is often confused with the similarly named outlaw " Little Conqueror " Zhou Tong .
He dies later under the sword of Li Tianrun , an officer in the rebel army of Fang La .
So , the connection between both Zhou 's is based solely on the romanized transcription of their name .
He teaches them literary and military lessons on even and odd days .
All of them learn the skill of archery in addition .
Books written by modern @-@ day martial artists make many claims that are not congruent with historical documents or current scholarly thought .
During this time , he learned all types of military weapons , horseback riding , and hand @-@ to @-@ hand combat .
The General later created Xingyi and Eagle Claw boxing from his internal and external training under Zhou .
Meir Shahar notes that unarmed boxing styles did not develop at Shaolin until the late Ming Dynasty .
Their lineage story dictates Zhou also took Yue to a " Buddhist hermit " who taught him said qigong style .
But he does not suggest who Yue might have learned it from .
There is insufficient historical evidence to support the claim he knew any skills beyond archery .
Contemporary records never once mention Zhou teaching Yue boxing .
Despite this , various wuxia novels and folk legends have attributed many different military and supernatural skills to Zhou .
Zhou can also be linked to these combat arts through his historical and folklore students .
But he believes Mantis fist was created during the Ming Dynasty , and was therefore influenced by these eighteen schools from the Song .
He also says Lu Junyi taught Yan Qing the same martial arts as he learned from Zhou .
Very few references are made to the people who supposedly taught martial arts to Zhou .
In The Legend of Zhou Tong , he learns as a child from a Shaolin master named Tan Zhengfang .
Practitioners of Chuojiao claim he learned the style from its creator , a wandering Taoist named Deng Liang .
Zhou has appeared in various kinds of media including novels , comic books , and movies .
He later learns that the General had accidentally offended some court officials and was sentenced to permanent exile on some trumped up charges .
Another noticeable difference in the storyline takes place when Zhou travels with his teenage disciples to visit his friend the Abbot .
The abbot then lifts a stone floor tile and presents the boy with a large book on military strategy .
He later made a name for himself by teaching military skills to youths from the surrounding area .
Zhou kindly protests the gift at first , but allows Yue to keep it out of friendship .
A second graphic novelization drastically changes the storyline involving Zhou .
He eventually chooses his friends ' sons as his indoor disciples and Yue as his " godchild " .
After vanquishing the beast with his sword , Yue discovers a magic glowing spear within a cave and reports back to Zhou .
Following their training , Zhou becomes ill from overexposure to the cold mountain air on the return trip home and dies soon after .
These events take place three years before Zhou originally died in The Story of Yue Fei .
Stories including Zhou have also been used to educate .
The story states how young Yue stumbles upon Zhou 's training hall in a neighboring town while gathering fire wood .
Zhou then officially takes him as his disciple and adopted son .
You told me about Zhou Tong " .
Hutch then says : " Oh , yeah .
Zhou Tong was something .
Taught the Song Dynasty to be the best military archers in history .
Dillon had sensed that and wanted to known everything about him " .
He finally realizes that the page had to have been left by Dillon 's mother Laura to catch his attention .
The page is sent to warn him of a trap , but Hutch receives it too late .
Jing starred alongside a ten @-@ year @-@ old Sammo Hung , who played young Yue Fei .
This person is very important in the martial arts and many people want to portray him in films " .
In recent years , full professionalisation and a major equipment overhaul have transformed the nature of the force .
When the communists seized power after the Second World War , the army underwent reorganisation and sovietization .
Following the Romanian Revolution , due to shortage of funds , many units were disbanded and much equipment was phased out .
Likewise , Romanian military capability declined because of a lack of fuel as well as training .
Conscription has been abolished and professionalisation has been completed .
However , Magheru rapidly ordered his troops to disband when the Ottoman forces swept into Bucharest to stop the revolution .
They participated in the Siege of Plevna and several other battles .
The Romanians won the war , but suffered about 27 @,@ 000 casualties .
Until World War I , the Romanian army didn 't face any other serious actions .
The Romanian Army entered the Second Balkan War against Bulgaria , allowing Romania to annex Southern Dobruja ( also known as the Cadrilater ) .
This was due to historical claims on land .
This area no longer belongs to Romania .
The Romanian armies entered Transylvania ( then part of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Empire ) , together with Russian forces .
At the same time , Austrian and Turkish troops invaded southern Romania , forcing the country into a two @-@ front war .
The Romanian forces , led by Marshal Constantin Prezan , retreated into the north @-@ east part of Romania ( Moldavia ) .
After World War I , Transylvania proclaimed union with the Kingdom of Romania .
An expeditionary force invaded the Soviet Union in Bessarabia and southern Ukraine , alongside the German Wehrmacht .
The army group @-@ level 2nd Army Corps , under Major General N.
Macici , controlled the 9th and 10th Infantry Divisions and the 7th Cavalry Brigade .
Additionally the 1st Armoured Division was formed for service on the Eastern Front .
It has been estimated that the royal coup shortened the war for Romania by six months .
Romania soon declared war on Nazi Germany , and the First and Fourth Armies were pressed into action .
The Soviet occupation of Romania led to a complete reorganisation of the Romanian Land Forces under the supervision of the Red Army .
At the onset , pro @-@ German elements were purged from the Romanian armed forces .
These two units formed the nucleus of the new Romanian Land Forces under Soviet control .
The artillery , antitank , and air defence regiments of divisions provided specialised fire support that enabled motorised rifle and tank regiments to maneuver .
Surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile battalions were divided into three or four batteries , each equipped with one missile launcher .
They operated thirty FROG @-@ 3 and eighteen SCUD missile launchers .
Proven to be fairly inaccurate in combat , FROG and SCUD missiles would be ineffective weapons carrying conventional high @-@ explosive warheads .
Tipped with nuclear or chemical warheads , however , they could be devastating .
The whole land forces structure was reorganized from armies into territorial corps , and from regiments into battalions .
Out of these 75 @,@ 000 , cca .
The Romanian military is undergoing a three @-@ stage restructuring .
The main combat formations of Romania are the 2nd Infantry Division Getica , and the 4th Infantry Division Gemina .
However due to their personnel having been reduced considerably in order to reach compatibility with NATO standards they were renamed and reorganized as divisions .
The Land Forces official day is celebrated each year , on 23 April .
The Romanian Land Forces have completely overhauled their equipment in the past few years , replacing it with a more modern one .
After the revolution , the units suffered from a lack of funds which resulted in the temporary disbandment of the 313th Battalion .
However , their equipment was completely overhauled in the past few years and the combat readiness and capabilities have regained full strength .
DIR , Rapid Intervention Squad of the Romanian Ministry of Defense is an elite special operations unit currently belonging to the Romanian Military Police .
After the Romanian Revolution , many firing ranges and training areas were closed and abandoned due to lack of funds .
Currently , the military schools and training units of the Romanian Land Forces are directly subordinated to the central headquarters .
In the past few years , lots of training exercises took place in Romania with other Balkan or Allied countries .
Kings Ferdinand I , Carol II and Mihai I also held the rank of Marshal of Romania .
King Carol I held simultaneous ranks as Russian Marshal and German Field @-@ marshal .
Not Quite Hollywood : The Wild , Untold Story of Ozploitation !
The film addresses three main categories of " Ozploitation " films : sex , horror and action .
He replied the day after , telling Hartley that he would do whatever he could to get the film made .
Overall , Not Quite Hollywood received positive reviews from critics .
A list of film referenced within Not Quite Hollywood , separated by genre .
The song was written and produced solely by Babyface .
Musically , it is an R & B ballad , and the lyrics chronicle a lovelorn lament .
The song garnered positive reviews from critics , who commended Houston 's vocal effort .
It charted in the United States on the Billboard Hot 100 , peaking at number twenty @-@ six .
In Canada , the song reached a peak of number forty @-@ five on the RPM Singles chart .
Babyface , Houston and some other African @-@ American female singers recorded songs for the album .
The song was one of the final additions to the soundtrack .
The song was written and produced by Kenneth Brian Edmonds , popularly known as " Babyface " .
Houston 's vocals span from the note of Am7 to the note of D5 .
According to Stephen Holden of New York Times , the song is a " lovelorn lament with a realistic twist " .
The song garnered mainly positive reviews from critics .
Craig Lytle of Allmusic noted that Houston 's voice " sailed " through the song .
On the same issue , the song debuted at number 34 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Singles chart .
It also reached number six on the Adult Contemporary chart , while reaching a peak of 39 on the Adult Pop Songs chart .
The performance was directed and taped by Bruce Gowers and was later used as a promotional clip to accompany the song .
The performance features Houston sitting on a chair , wearing a white outfit , and singing the song .
Forming out of a tropical disturbance on October 13 , Omar initially moved slowly in the eastern Caribbean Sea .
By October 15 , Omar began to quickly intensify as deep convection developed around the center of circulation .
Later that day , an eye developed and the storm began to accelerate to the northeast .
Shortly after , the hurricane rapidly weakened to Category 1 intensity .
The remnants of Omar persisted until October 21 at which time it dissipated to the west of the Azores .
Throughout the eastern Caribbean , Omar affected numerous islands , most of which only recorded minor impacts .
Large swells and heavy rains impacted the ABC islands .
One person died in Puerto Rico after suffering a stress @-@ induced cardiac arrest .
The United States Virgin Islands also sustained significant damage , costing roughly $ 6 million .
Numerous boats and homes were damaged and over 100 power poles were snapped .
Total losses from the storm were estimated at $ 79 million .
On September 30 , a well @-@ developed tropical wave moved off the eastern coast of Africa and entered the Atlantic Ocean .
Deep convection formed around a prominent mid @-@ level circulation as it moved towards the west .
However , the convection diminished on October 2 before entering the Caribbean Sea a week later .
Upon entering the Caribbean Sea , shower and thunderstorm activity redeveloped around the low .
Wind shear around the storm , which was previously inhibiting quick development , weakened , allowing for further strengthening .
The intensification briefly stalled as the eyewall eroded and the center of the storm became slightly elliptical .
However , deep convection persisted and strengthening was forecast as the storm neared Puerto Rico .
Shortly after , the eye quickly became well @-@ defined and appeared on visible satellite images , an indication the storm was intensifying .
The chances of rapid intensification were good as the storm featured well @-@ developed outflow and prominent banding features .
During the intensification phase , the forward motion of the hurricane increased to 20 mph ( 32 km / h ) .
During this phase , convection redeveloped around the center and an eye reformed .
Later that day , the trough that caused the rapid northeastern motion bypassed Omar , leading to decreasing movement .
Twelve hours later , while still producing tropical storm @-@ force winds , the storm degenerated into a remnant low pressure area .
Public schools would be closed on October 16 .
All non @-@ essential workers would be dismissed at 10 a.m.
Only those with valid passes would be allowed to be out after the curfew was put in place .
The American Red Cross planned to open shelters throughout the islands before the hurricane struck .
Sandbags were also being distributed in St.
On Sint Maarten , officials advised residents to start all necessary actions to prepare for a hurricane .
A curfew from 10 : 00 p.m.
Due to the possibility of flash flooding , residents were to unclog and free up all waterways around their homes .
Officials also warned people to stay away from areas prone to landslides until the " all @-@ clear " was given .
Owners of livestock were advised to have insured that they were secured in holding areas .
As a precaution , the water supply would be shut down from 8 : 00 p.m.
October 15 to 8 : 00 a.m.
Four public areas , St.
All public activities , flights , and schools were either closed or canceled on Puerto Rico .
Eighteen shelters were open on the eastern part of the island .
Also , on Anguilla , residents in the Sandy Ground , Valley Bottom , Welches and Mount Fortune areas were placed under evacuation orders .
Shelters were opened throughout the island for those in need of shelter .
Schools and government offices were also closed and visitors were told to leave the island .
While it was moving little over the south @-@ central Caribbean , Omar brought prolonged tropical storm conditions to the ABC Islands .
The high winds damaged roofs on all three islands , and rough seas caused beach erosion and significant damage to coastal facilities .
Some rain damage also occurred , with significant flooding reported in some parts of Aruba .
In the SSS Islands ( Saba , St.
On Sint Maarten , rainfall from the storm totaled to 5 @.@ 4 in ( 139 @.@ 4 mm ) .
Damage in Sint Maarten was mainly limited to beach erosion and scattered power outages .
The island of Dominica suffered severe damage from Hurricane Omar .
The village also suffered water losses , electricity shortage , and landline telephones were cut off .
Ports throughout the country were severely damaged .
All barge access for hauling sand and stones were destroyed .
The airport also sustained some damage .
Seven boats ran aground during the storm .
Minor damage was reported in Anguilla .
Three cargo ships and seven boats ran aground and two other boats sank .
In Antigua and Barbuda , winds from Omar were recorded at 40 mph , with gusts to 48 mph .
Nine homes were destroyed and several landslides were reported .
No fatalities were associated with Omar , and only a few sustained minor injuries .
The most severe damage was dealt to roads and agriculture due to flooding .
Seventy @-@ five people were forced to evacuate to shelters as their homes were flooded .
Several farms were washed away , including their livestock .
Numerous farmers lost their harvest due to flooding .
Damages in Barbuda were estimated at $ 18 million .
In Puerto Rico , a man died after he collapsed from cardiac arrest while trying to install storm shutters on his home .
As a tropical wave , the precedent to Omar produced heavy rains over the island , causing minor flooding .
After passing by Puerto Rico a second time , Omar produced locally heavy rains , which caused minor street flooding .
About 400 ships broke lose from the docks , 200 of which lost their anchors .
Three people needed to be rescued when their ship struck a reef and began to sink .
Most of the islands 55 @,@ 000 residents were without power as over 100 utility poles were destroyed .
Damages on the island were estimated at $ 700 @,@ 000 with another $ 1 million in clean @-@ up costs .
Thomas , one of the hardest hit islands , was left completely without power in the wake of the hurricane .
All of the major intersections were shut down as traffic lights were either on the ground or without power .
Damages on the island totaled to $ 5 @.@ 3 million .
In the Gros Islet Quarter on St.
Lucia , rough seas damaged a jetty and grounded a yacht .
The storm surge also flooded parts of the Anse la Raye Quarter , leading to officials declaring a mandatory evacuation of the area .
On Montserrat , very little damage was reported .
A few minor landslides occurred in rural areas ; no impact was caused by them .
Kitts and Nevis , damage was estimated at $ 19 million .
The government allocated about $ 33 @,@ 897 @,@ 420 to help develop and repair the industry .
On October 29 , in the wake of Omar , President George W.
Bush signed a major disaster declaration for the United States Virgin Islands , allowing public aid to assist the islands .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency or FEMA , had received 60 requests for public assistance throughout the area .
Monetary value for the assistance was estimated at $ 3 million and growing .
Twenty @-@ five departments and agencies were approved of for federal support , namely the U.S.
Department of Public Works .
On Dominica , Omar 's close pass to the island left 30 families homeless and severely hampered the fishing community .
On December 18 , the government of Dominica invested $ 4 million in aid for the fishing communities impacted by Omar .
A total of 140 fishermen were provided with $ 250 per week for a total of four weeks .
Sixty @-@ two of which continued to receive funds due to their circumstances .
The government also purchased 121 boat engines to distribute to fishers .
Another $ 794 @,@ 000 was spent to repair 47 boats and construct another 28 that had been damaged or destroyed by Omar .
The government also bought replacement fishing gear .
It elected as his successor Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli , who took the name Clement XIV .
Clement XIII strongly defended the Society ( e.g.
The sudden death of 75 @-@ year @-@ old Clement XIII left this difficult decision to his successor .
Cecilia ; prefect of the S.C.
Alessio ; prefect of the S.C.
Pietro in Vincoli ; prefect of the S.C.
Maria della Pace ; Vicar General of Rome ; prefect of the S.C.
Anastasia ; prefect of the S.C.
Maria in Via Lata ; commendatario of S.
Eustachio ; archpriest of the patriarchal Lateran Basilica ; secretary of the Supreme S.C.
Maria in Portico ; prefect of the S.C.
Cosma e Damiano ; prefect of the S.C.
Twenty nine electors were created by Clement XIII , while fifteen by Pope Benedict XIV .
Alessandro Albani received the red hat from Innocent XIII , and Neri Maria Corsini from Clement XII .
The Sacred College of Cardinals was divided into two blocs : pro @-@ Jesuits and anti @-@ Jesuits , but several cardinals were neutral .
The pro @-@ Jesuit faction , called Zelanti , grouped Italian curial cardinals who opposed the secular influences on the Church .
Their leaders were Gian Francesco and Alessandro Albani and cardinal @-@ nephew of the deceased pope Carlo Rezzonico .
The Bourbon courts had decided to put the official leadership of this bloc in the hands of the French Cardinal de Bernis .
He and his colleagues were instructed to block every pro @-@ Jesuit candidature , even with the official exclusion if necessary .
Several cardinals , among them Lorenzo Ganganelli , did not belong to either faction .
The French government was more fastidious than Spanish and Neapolitan .
Initially only 27 cardinals participated .
In one ballot he was only two votes short of being elected .
He stayed there two weeks , freely debating with the electors .
Bernis immediately established a regular correspondence with French ambassador Marquis d 'Aubeterre , which was in violation of the fundamental law of the conclave .
The arrival of Spanish cardinals Solis and de la Cerda on April 27 strengthened the anti @-@ Jesuit party .
They also violated the law of the conclave by establishing regular correspondence with Spanish ambassador Azpuru .
The Spaniards had fewer scruples than Bernis and , supported by Cardinal Malvezzi , took the matter into their own hands .
They paid attention to the only friar in the Sacred College , Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli , O.F.M.Conv.
It is not certain whether it was a written or only an oral promise , but this declaration fully satisfied the ambassadors .
He took the name of Clement XIV , in honour of Clement XIII , who had elevated him to the cardinalate .
On June 4 he was solemnly crowned by Cardinal Alessandro Albani , protodeacon of S.
West Hendford Cricket Ground was a first @-@ class cricket ground located in Yeovil , Somerset .
The attempt was unsuccessful , and the club broke up .
There is record of a match being played on the ground the following year between two sets of members of the Yeovil Cricket Club .
The ground was also used for field hockey in the early 20th @-@ century , hosting a Yeovil Hockey Club .
Surrey won the match by eight wickets .
The takings from this match helped the Yeovil Cricket Club make further improvements to the ground , expanding it and adding further seating .
The following year , Somerset played Worcestershire at the ground , in what the Western Gazette described as " Yeovil Cricket Festival " .
The captain of Yeovil Cricket Club , Richard Southcombe , was included in the Somerset team , which won the match by 170 runs .
The takings were slightly lower than the previous year due to poor weather , but still described as " gratifying " .
The Yorkshire Evening Post described the wicket as " crumbling " towards the end of the match , favouring the bowlers .
The rugby club also moved to Johnson Park , amalgamating itself into Yeovil Sports Club .
During its limited use as a first @-@ class cricket ground , only one century was scored on the ground , by Jim Parks .
It was written by Erica Rivinoja and was directed by Beth McCarthy @-@ Miller .
The episode also featured a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Chris and Reagan 's neighbor and Ava 's boyfriend , Kevin .
It ranked third in its timeslot and was the second highest @-@ rated NBC program of the night after The Office .
They invite Ava , Kevin , Missy , but Chris attempts to hide the games due to Reagan 's competitive nature .
He tries to make her promise that she won 't be too competitive , but she does which makes the party awkward .
Meanwhile , Ava is asked to be the grand marshal to a New Year 's Day parade .
This makes her boyfriend , Kevin , feel like he can 't live up to her lifestyle .
He then starts thinking she may be ashamed of him , especially after he isn 't invited to sit with her during the parade .
He assures her that their relationship won 't end badly and the two go to the parade .
Bob 's Toddler Kaleidoscope " and " Parents " .
The episode features a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Kevin , Ava 's boyfriend .
The series switched timeslots with another NBC comedy series , Whitney .
This marked a 5 % rise in the ratings from the previous episode , " First Christmas " .
The episode , however , did manage to beat the Fox drama series The Finder and the CW drama series The Secret Circle .
New York writer Steven Heisler praised the episode for avoiding " sitcom @-@ y territory " with the emotional ending .
He also called the series a better choice to follow The Office then Whitney .
Club reviewer Margaret Eby complemented the believability of the main Reagen @-@ Chris plot .
Despite this , she criticized the Ava @-@ Kevin subplot comparing it to a storyline from Sex and The City .
She also noted the plotline didn 't stay true to the characters following their plotline in the previous episode , " First Christmas " .
She ultimately rated the episode with a B.
He also reacted positively for the scenes featuring Missy , comparing her scenes to " early Ava , but less obnoxious " .
He ultimately gave the episode an 8 @.@ 7 / 10 calling it " commendable " .
Bradford Evans of SplitSider praised Jennifer Hall 's performance calling her the " unsung hero " of the series .
He concluded that he hoped the series could make itself a vital part of the network 's lineup .
He also wrote that the episode worked on a " character level " .
Other passages record a decade @-@ long desperate struggle , as experienced by people of various nationalities .
The personal accounts also describe the resulting social , political , religious , and environmental changes .
Brooks used World War Z to comment on government ineptitude and American isolationism , while also examining survivalism and uncertainty .
The novel was a commercial hit and was praised by most critics .
Nevertheless , the plague still manages to spread to various nations by human trafficking , refugees and the black market organ trade .
Its military then puts down an ultra @-@ Orthodox uprising , which is later referred to as an Israeli civil war .
The United States does little to prepare because it is overconfident in its ability to suppress any threat .
As many more areas around the globe fall to infection , a period known as the " Great Panic " begins .
After zombies overrun New York City , the U.S.
The unprepared and demoralized soldiers are routed on live television .
Other countries suffer similarly disastrous defeats , and human civilization teeters on the brink of destruction .
In South Africa , the government adopts a contingency plan drafted by apartheid @-@ era intelligence consultant Paul Redeker .
All aspects of civilian life are devoted to supporting the war effort against the pandemic .
Much of it resembles total war strategies : rationing of fuel and food , cultivation of private gardens , and civilian neighborhood patrols .
President , however , argues for going on the offensive .
Determined to lead by example , the U.S.
Prewar military tactics and equipment are mentioned as being employed to deal with sometimes well @-@ armed and organized human criminal or rebel opposition .
A democratic Cuba has become the world 's most thriving economy .
Tibet is freed from Chinese rule and hosts Lhasa , the world 's most populated city .
Following a religious revolution and the revival of Russian orthodoxy , Russia is now an expansionist theocracy known as the Holy Russian Empire .
North Korea is completely empty , with the entire population presumed to have disappeared into underground bunkers .
The situation in the British Isles is not entirely clear in the novel , although Ireland may have escaped the worst of the outbreak .
The Papacy established a wartime refuge in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Armagh .
Iceland has been completely depopulated and remains the world 's most heavily infested country .
The Israelis and Palestinians have made peace , and the former occupied territories have been renamed " Unified Palestine " .
For unknown reasons , the Saudi Royal Family destroyed the oil fields in Saudi Arabia .
Zombies usually reveal their presence by moaning .
Brooks discussed the cultural influences on the novel .
I read it when I was a teenager and it 's sat with me ever since .
Romero as an influence and criticized The Return of the Living Dead films : " They cheapen zombies , make them silly and campy .
They 've done for the living dead what the old Batman TV show did for The Dark Knight .
Brooks conducted copious research while writing World War Z.
Brooks also cites the U.S.
Army as a reference on firearm statistics .
Brooks shows his particular dislike of government bureaucracy .
Survivalism and disaster preparation are prevalent themes in the novel .
Throughout the novel , characters demonstrate the physical and mental requirements needed to survive a disaster .
Brooks described the large amount of research needed to find optimal methods for fighting a worldwide zombie outbreak .
He also pointed out that Americans like the zombie genre because they believe they can survive anything with the right tools and talent .
Brooks considers the theme of uncertainty central to the zombie genre .
He believes that zombies allow people to deal with their own anxiety about the end of the world .
This mindlessness is connected to the context in which Brooks was writing .
Reviews for the novel have been generally positive .
Silver felt that it was not always apparent who the sundry , undifferentiated characters were .
Doing so in the mode of Studs Terkel might constitute brilliance .
The hardcover version of World War Z spent four weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list , peaking at number nine .
Brooks ' previous career in voice acting and voice @-@ over work meant he could recommend a large number of the cast members .
It contains the entirety of the original , abridged audiobook , as well as new recordings of each missing segment .
The screenplay was written by J.
Michael Straczynski , with Marc Forster directing and Pitt starring as the main character , UN employee Gerry Lane .
Sentence spacing is the horizontal space between sentences in typeset text .
It is a matter of typographical convention .
Since the introduction of movable @-@ type printing in Europe , various sentence spacing conventions have been used in languages with a Latin alphabet .
Until the 20th century , publishing houses and printers in many countries used additional space between sentences .
Perhaps because of this , many modern sources now incorrectly claim that wide spacing was created for the typewriter .
The desired or correct sentence spacing is often debated but many sources now say additional space is not necessary or desirable .
However , some sources still state that additional spacing is correct or acceptable .
The debate continues on the World Wide Web .
Many people prefer double sentence spacing for informal use because that was how they were taught to type .
The relative size of the sentence spacing would vary depending on the size of the word spaces and the justification needs .
For most countries , this remained the standard for published work until the 20th century .
This became known as English spacing , and marked a divergence from French typists , who continued to use French spacing .
Typists did not move to single spacing simultaneously .
Technological advances began affecting sentence spacing methods .
By the late 20th century , literature on the written word had begun to adjust its guidance on sentence spacing .
Early positions on typography ( the " arrangement and appearance of text " ) supported traditional spacing techniques in English publications .
With the advent of the computer age , typographers began deprecating double spacing , even in monospaced text .
More recent works on typography weigh in strongly .
Some argue that the " additional " space after a comma and full point serves as a " pause signal " for the reader .
But this is unnecessary ( and visually disruptive ) since the pause signal is provided by the punctuation mark itself .
In the same period , style guides began changing their guidance on sentence spacing .
Modern style guides provide standards and guidance for the written language .
These works are important to writers since " virtually all professional editors work closely with one of them in editing a manuscript for publication .
The majority of style guides now prescribe the use of a single space after terminal punctuation in final written works and publications .
Web design guides do not usually provide guidance on this topic , as " HTML refuses to recognize double spaces altogether .
This is the case in the United Kingdom .
Some languages , such as French and Spanish , have academies that set language rules .
Their publications typically address orthography and grammar as opposed to matters of typography .
Style guides are less relevant for such languages , as their academies set prescriptive rules .
The Spanish language is similar .
The manual itself uses one space after terminal punctuation .
Additionally , the Duden , the German language dictionary most commonly used in Germany , indicates that double sentence spacing is an error .
A few reference grammars address sentence spacing , as increased spacing between words is punctuation in itself .
Moreover , many modern grammar guides are designed for quick reference and refer users to comprehensive style guides for additional matters of writing style .
In the computer era , spacing between sentences is handled in several different ways by various software packages .
How Emacs recognizes the end of a sentence is controlled by the settings sentence @-@ end @-@ double @-@ space and sentence @-@ end .
The Unix typesetter program troff uses two spaces to mark the end of a sentence .
This allows the typesetter to distinguish sentence endings from abbreviations and to typeset them differently .
However , only one space is retained .
Multiple spaces are eliminated by default in most World Wide Web content , regardless of whether they are associated with sentences or not .
Twitter retains extra spaces in user input on their website .
Some unicode space characters are also not collapsed on the web .
This subject is still widely debated today .
Many people are opposed to single sentence spacing for various reasons .
Some state that the habit of double spacing is too deeply ingrained to change .
Others claim that additional space between sentences improves the aesthetics or readability of text .
Proponents of double sentence spacing also state that some publishers may still require double @-@ spaced manuscript submissions from authors .
However , proportional fonts existed together with wide sentence spacing for centuries before the typewriter , and remained for decades after its invention .
When the typewriter was first introduced , typists were most commonly taught to use three spaces between sentences .
This gradually shifted to two spaces , while the print industry remained unchanged in its wide em @-@ spaced sentences .
The double space typewriter convention has been taught in schools in typing classes , and that remains the practice in many cases .
Some voice concerns that students will later be forced to relearn how to type .
However , typographic opinions are typically anecdotal with no basis in evidence .
Text that seems legible ( visually pleasing at first glance ) may be shown to actually impair reading effectiveness when subjected to scientific study .
In both cases , the authors stated that there was insufficient evidence to draw a conclusion .
The authors concluded that the " results provided insufficient evidence that time and comprehension differ significantly among different conditions of spacing between sentences " .
Partway through serialisation , Le Soir Jeunesse was cancelled and the story began to be serialised daily in the pages of Le Soir .
The Crab with the Golden Claws was published in book form shortly after its conclusion .
The Crab with the Golden Claws introduces the recurring character Captain Haddock , who became a major fixture of the series .
The book is the first Tintin adventure published in the United States and the first to be adapted into a motion picture .
Escaping the ship in a lifeboat after sending a radio message to the police about the cargo , a seaplane tries to attack them .
Tintin and the Captain hijack the plane , tie up the pilots , and try to reach Spain .
Haddock 's drunken behaviour in a storm causes them to crash @-@ land in the Sahara , where the crew escapes .
At the port , members of his old crew kidnap the Captain after he recognises their disguised Karaboudjan .
Haddock chases a gang @-@ member from the cellar to an entrance behind a bookcase in Salaad 's house .
Allan steals a boat and tries escaping , but Tintin captures him .
Germany placed Belgium under occupation .
All Belgian publications were now under the control of the German occupying force .
Instead , he accepted a position with Le Soir , Belgium 's largest Francophone daily newspaper .
Appointed editor of this supplement , he was aided by old friend Paul Jamin and the cartoonist Jacques Van Melkebeke .
The first issue of Le Soir Jeunesse was published with a large announcement across the cover : " Tintin et Milou sont revenus !
The public reacted positively .
The serial introduced the character of Captain Haddock .
The depiction of the French Foreign Legion in North Africa was possibly influenced by P.
Many of the place names featured in the series are puns : the town of Kefheir was a pun on the French Que faire ?
The name of Omar ben Salaad is a pun meaning " Lobster Salad " in French .
The accompanying text was not changed , however , and Haddock still refers to the man who beat him as a " Negro " .
He also believed that the recurring image of alcohol throughout the story was symbolic of sexuality .
It was screened publicly only once , on 21 December of that year , before Bouchery declared bankruptcy and fled to Argentina .
The line manufactures apparel and fashion accessories .
The fashion line manufactures accessories like shoes , watches , bags and a fragrance called " L.
The line is influenced by a variety of fashions cultures , including Guatemalan , Japanese , Indian and Jamaican styles .
Stefani came from a family of seamstresses .
This further inspired her to launch her own fashion line .
The line achieved popularity among celebrities and is worn by stars such as Teri Hatcher , Nicole Kidman , Paris Hilton and Stefani herself .
It currently makes an annual gross income of $ 90 million .
An additional fashion line was launched by Stefani called Harajuku Lovers .
Stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother would sew clothes for themselves when she was young .
Stefani comes from a long line of seamstresses , as even her great @-@ grandmother would sew clothes .
Stefani made most of the things she wore onstage during concerts .
When she became successful and began to tour constantly , she felt she lost her way .
Then she met the stylist Andrea Lieberman .
Lieberman introduced her to haute couture clothing .
Later Lieberman became her creative consultant and Zaldy Goco took over as the head designer .
Goco later parted ways with L.A.M.B.
The fashion line manufactures clothes , shoes , bags and a fragrance called " L " .
The brand started out as a line for women but claims the track items are unisex .
While for its other products , L.A.M.B has been more of a collaborative fashion line .
Now the line is teaming up with another manufacturer , which explains why the official website is down .
L.A.M.B joined with Royal Elastics for the shoe line .
Stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and stilettos .
L.A.M.B collaborated with Coty Inc.
The bags feature LeSportsac 's signature rip @-@ stop nylon along with a variety of antiqued metal hardware , leather trims and colorful linings .
Stefani plans to design lingerie as well as make @-@ up products for L.A.M.B.
The line consists of 39 timepieces .
Stefani worked with perfumer Harry Fremont to develop the scent .
Stefani described the fragrance as " it 's another thing you can wear and another thing I can be part of creatively .
I created it for myself -- it 's like me shrunk into a box .
The perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles .
Stefani frequently refers to her clothing line in her music , as one of the brand 's promotional strategies .
Stefani is often seen wearing her own designs , especially when making public appearances .
A thirty @-@ second commercial directed by Sophie Muller was also released to promote the brand 's fragrance .
The show included some of Stefani 's trademark tracksuits and extensively referenced prints from Guatemala , India , and Japan .
The line was mostly well received by critics and Stefani was appreciated for taking fashion seriously even though she is a celebrity .
Fern Mallis of IMG praised the line and Stefani as well and said , " the L.A.M.B.
Desiree Stimpert of About.com said , " ...
Stefani 's music and fashion - sense .
According to a Nordstrom spokesperson , the debut of L.A.M.B.
The brand 's designs have appeared in W , Marie Claire , Elle , Lucky and InStyle .
The first @-@ move advantage in chess is the inherent advantage of the player ( White ) who makes the first move in chess .
Chess players and theorists generally agree that White begins the game with some advantage .
White 's winning percentage is about the same for tournament games between humans and games between computers .
However , White 's advantage is less significant in blitz games and games between novices .
GM Mihai Suba and others contend that sometimes White 's initiative disappears for no apparent reason as a game progresses .
Modern writers also argue that Black has certain countervailing advantages .
Some symmetrical openings ( i.e.
Streeter concluded , " It thus appears that it is becoming increasingly difficult to win with Black , but somewhat easier to draw .
Two decades later , statistician Arthur M.
More recent sources indicate that White scores approximately 54 to 56 percent .
The website Chessgames.com holds regularly updated statistics on its games database .
He found that White 's advantage is equivalent to 35 rating points , i.e.
Other writers conclude that there is a positive correlation between the players ' ratings and White 's score .
The view that a game of chess should end in a draw given best play prevails .
Watson agrees that " the proper result of a perfectly played chess game ...
Of course , I can 't prove this , but I doubt that you can find a single strong player who would disagree .
I remember Kasparov , after a last @-@ round draw , explaining to the waiting reporters : ' Well , chess is a draw .
More recently , Fischer agreed , saying that the game has become played out .
All three advocated changing the rules of chess to minimize the number of drawn games .
Lasker suggested scoring less than half a point for a draw , and more than half a point for stalemating the opponent 's king .
Fischer advocated Fischer Random Chess , another chess variant , in which the initial position of the pieces is determined at random .
Today some of the sharpest opening variations have been analyzed so deeply that they are often used as drawing weapons .
This has long been considered one of the sharpest and most problematic , or even foolhardy , opening lines .
The game usually continues 8.Qd2 Qxb2 9.Rb1 Qa3 .
Nf3 d6 3 @.@  d4 cxd4 4 .
Bg5 e6 7 @.@  f4 Qb6 8 .
Rb1 Qa3 10 @.@  f5 Nc6 11 @.@  fxe6 fxe6 12 .
Nxc6 bxc6 13 @.@  e5 dxe5 14 .
Be2 0 @-@ 0 18 .
Qh5 Rxd1 + 23 .
Qxf7 Qxd1 + 26 .
Kf2 Qxc2 + 27 .
Kf3 Qd1 + 28 .
Kf2 Qc2 + 29 .
Ke3 Bc5 + 30 .
Nxc5 Qxc5 + 31 .
Kd2 Qf2 + 32 .
Kc3 Qd4 + 33 .
Kc2 Qf2 + 34 .
Qd4 + , White cannot escape the checks .
Open tournament , he scored only one draw in his four games as White , but won all four of his games as Black .
Adams also lost a match to IM I.A.
Horowitz , who took the black pieces in every game .
Adams was the first person I met who actually had theories about how chess should be played .
Berliner 's thesis , like Adams ' , has been sharply criticized .
As explained below , chess theorists in recent decades have continued to debate the size and nature of White 's advantage , if any .
Apart from Berliner , they have rejected the idea that White has a forced win from the opening position .
Many also reject the traditional paradigm that Black 's objective should be to neutralize White 's initiative and obtain equality .
Kaufman writes , " I don 't believe that White has a forced win in Chess .
Those who find these lines have nothing to fear , as Black is indeed OK , but only in those variations !
Modern writers often think of Black 's role in more dynamic terms than merely trying to equalize .
Rowson writes that " the idea of Black trying to ' equalize ' is questionable .
I think it has limited application to a few openings , rather than being an opening prescription for Black in general .
Watson observes that " energetic opening play by Black may ...
This style of opening play has become prevalent in modern chess , with World Champions Fischer and Kasparov as its most visible practitioners .
Modern writers also question the idea that White has an enduring advantage .
Rowson cites as an example of the last phenomenon the well @-@ regarded Zaitsev Variation of the Ruy Lopez .
This puts Black in an awkward situation , since he must either ( a ) insist on the Zaitsev with 12 ...
Rowson argues that Black also has several advantages .
Success with Black depends on seeing beyond the initiative and thinking of positions in terms of ' potential ' .
Nf3 Nf6 2 @.@  c4 c5 3 .
Nc3 e6 4 @.@  g3 b6 5 .
Rd1 a6 10 @.@  b3 Nbd7 11 @.@  e4 Qb8 12 .
Bb2 0 @-@ 0 Suba wrote of a similar Hedgehog position , " White 's position looks ideal .
Nd2 Rd8 14 @.@  a4 Qc7 15 .
Qe2 Ne5 17 @.@  h3 ?
Nf3 Now Black breaks open the position in typical Hedgehog fashion.
Nxh4 Nxh4 22 @.@  gxh4 Qxf4 23 @.@  dxe6 fxe6 24 @.@  e5 ?
Nd5 Other moves get mated immediately : 27.Bxb7 Qh3 # ; 27.Qe2 Qxh3 # ; 27.Qg4 Bxg2 # .
Kxg2 Rd2 + If 30.Kg3 ( the only legal response to the double check ) , Rg2 + 31.Kf4 Rf8 + forces mate .
Watson questions this idea , citing Suba 's thesis that Black , by moving second , has more complete information than White .
He writes , " everyone has such difficulties playing as White against a Sicilian Defence ( 1.e4 c5 ) , but ...
He smiled and said , ' That extra move 's gonna hurt me .
Rowson writes that " in general one would assume that whatever advantage White has would be revealed most clearly in symmetrical positions .
Nonetheless , even symmetrical opening lines sometimes illustrate the tenuous nature of White 's advantage , in several respects .
It is often difficult for White to prove an advantage in symmetrical opening lines .
However , there too he has been unable to find a way to an advantage after the symmetrical 2 ...
Moreover , symmetrical positions may be disadvantageous to White in that he has to commit himself first .
Watson notes that it is even difficult for White to play noncommittally in a symmetrical position , since almost every move has certain drawbacks .
Further , a particular extra move is sometimes more of a liability than an asset .
For example , Soltis notes that the Exchange French position arising after 1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.exd5 exd5 4.Nf3 Nf6 " is pretty equal .
That position offers White better chances precisely because Black 's extra move ( ...
Ne4 ) allows the advanced knight to become a target for attack .
Finally , symmetrical positions may be difficult for the white player for psychological reasons .
Rowson gives the following example of Black outplaying White from the Symmetrical Variation of the English Opening .
He remarks , " there is something compelling about Black 's strategy .
Nc3 Nc6 5 @.@  a3 a6 6 .
Bf5 , but White has to go first so Black gets to play ...
I would therefore say that White is in ' Zugzwang Lite ' and that he remains in this state for several moves .
Rb3 0 @-@ 0 15 .
Ne5 Ne4 16 @.@  h3 h5 !
Finally breaking the symmetry .
Kh2 The position is still almost symmetrical , and White can find nothing useful to do with his extra move .
Rowson whimsically suggests 17.h4 !
White cannot copy it , since after 18.Re1 ?
Nxf2 Black would win a pawn .
Rowson notes that with his more active pieces , " It looks like Black has some initiative .
Bb2 d4 Now White has a difficult game : Rowson analyzes 25.e3 ?
Nxg3 24.fxg3 Bc2 25.Qf3 Bxb3 26.exd4 Bc4 !
Overlooking Black 's threat .
Qe1 If 26.Rxf2 , Bc2 forks White 's queen and rook .
Ne4 27 @.@  b7 Rb8 28 @.@  g4 hxg4 29 @.@  hxg4 Be6 30 .
Nf3 c5 2 @.@  c4 Nc6 3 .
Nc3 Nf6 4 @.@  g3 g6 5 .
Rb1 b5 10 @.@  cxb5 axb5 11 @.@  b4 cxb4 12 @.@  axb4 d6 13 .
Soltis writes , " It 's ridiculous to think Black 's position is better .
But Mikhail Tal said it is easier to play .
By moving second he gets to see White 's move and then decide whether to match it .
Instead , he plays to prove that White 's queen is misplaced .
Black ultimately reached an endgame two pawns up , but White managed to hold a draw in 83 moves .
In chess tournaments and matches , the frequency with which each player receives white and black is an important consideration .
In matches , the players ' colors in the first game are determined by drawing lots , and alternated thereafter .
Tournaments with an even number of rounds cause the most problems , since if there is a disparity , it is greater ( e.g.
Jonathan Rowson has speculated that " in principle it should be possible for a machine to ...
Each of these variations ends in win , loss or draw .
By working backward from the end one can determine whether there is a forced win , the position is a draw or is lost .
It is easy to show , however , even with the high computing speed available in electronic calculators this computation is impractical .
In typical chess positions there will be of the order of 30 legal moves .
The number holds fairly constant until the game is nearly finished as shown ...
Thus a move for White and then one for Black gives about 103 possibilities .
A typical game lasts about 40 moves to resignation of one party .
This is conservative for our calculation since the machine would calculate out to checkmate , not resignation .
However , according to Shannon the time frame required puts this possibility beyond the limits of any feasible technology .
A theoretical understanding of such heuristic programming , however , is still very much wanting .
Recent scientific advances have not significantly changed that assessment .
Frederick Reines was born in Paterson , New Jersey , one of four children of Gussie ( Cohen ) and Israel Reines .
He said that his " early education was strongly influenced " by his studious siblings .
He was the great @-@ nephew of the Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines , the founder of Mizrachi , a religious Zionist movement .
The family moved to Hillburn , New York , where his father ran the general store , and he spent much of his childhood .
He was an Eagle Scout .
Reines sang in a chorus , and as a soloist .
The family later moved to North Bergen , New Jersey , residing on Kennedy Boulevard and 57th Street .
From an early age , Reines exhibited an interest in science , and liked creating and building things .
That began for me a fascination with light .
This cultivated a love of science by his senior year .
They had two children , Robert and Alisa .
He then entered New York University , where he earned his Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D.
He studied cosmic rays there under Serge A.
Korff , but wrote his thesis under the supervision of Richard D.
Present on " Nuclear fission and the liquid drop model of the nucleus " .
Diffusion was an important aspect of critical mass calculations .
Reines participated in a number of nuclear tests , and writing reports on their results .
This saw the first American tests of boosted fission weapons , an important step towards thermonuclear weapons .
In the wake of the Sputnik crisis , he participated in John Archibald Wheeler 's Project 137 , which evolved into JASON .
Carson Mark , for a leave in residence to study fundamental physics .
Reines and his colleague Clyde Cowan decided to see if they could detect neutrinos .
This would produce a distinctive signature that could be detected .
For a neutrino source , they proposed using an atomic bomb .
Permission for this was obtained from the laboratory director , Norris Bradbury .
Work began on digging a shaft for the experiment when J.
Kellogg convinced them to use a nuclear reactor instead of a bomb .
With encouragement from John A.
At Case , he led a group that was the first to detect neutrinos created in the atmosphere by cosmic rays .
Reines had a booming voice , and had been a singer since childhood .
Reines had prepared for the possibility of measuring the distant events of a supernova explosion .
Normally , the detectors recorded only a few background events each day .
The supernova registered 19 events in just ten seconds .
This discovery is regarded as inaugurating the field of neutrino astronomy .
Perl with the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work with Cowan in first detecting the neutrino .
Reines also received many other awards , including the J.
He was survived by his wife and children .
His papers are in the UCI Libraries .
Reines Hall at UCI was named in his honor .
Measurement of the Free Antineutrino Absorption Cross Section .
Neutrinos and Other Matters : Selected Works of Frederick Reines .
The city of Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County , in the U.S.
Resource extraction and efficient transportation financed much of the city 's growth through the end of the 19th century .
Fluted point spearheads from this era , known as the Paleo @-@ Indian Period , have been found in most parts of the state .
A state @-@ funded extension called the Bald Eagle Cut ran from the West Branch through Lock Haven and Flemington to Bald Eagle Creek .
A privately funded extension , the Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation , eventually reached Bellefonte , 24 miles ( 39 km ) upstream .
Connected by timbers shackled together with iron yokes and rings , the piers anchored an enclosure into which the river current forced floating logs .
Workers called boom rats sorted the captured logs , branded like cattle , for delivery to sawmills and other owners .
Lock Haven became the lumber center of Clinton County and the site of many businesses related to forest products .
The two rail lines soon became part of the network controlled by the Pennsylvania Railroad .
During the era of log floating , logjams sometimes occurred when logs struck an obstacle .
Log rafts floating down the West Branch had to pass through chutes in canal dams .
The jam eventually trapped another 200 log rafts , and 2 canal boats , The Mammoth of Newport and The Sarah Dunbar .
These logs produced a total of about 226 million board feet ( 533 @,@ 000 m3 ) of sawed lumber .
After that , production steadily declined throughout the state .
As older forms of transportation such as the canal boat disappeared , new forms arose .
The system , always financially marginal , declined after World War I.
The factory began operations in a building that once housed a silk mill .
As the company grew , the original factory expanded to include engineering and office buildings .
Pennsylvania 's streams have frequently flooded .
Shank , the Native Americans of Pennsylvania warned white settlers that great floods occurred on the Delaware and Susquehanna rivers every 14 years .
The flood demolished Lock Haven 's log boom , and millions of feet of stored timber were swept away .
The flood damaged the canals , which were subsequently abandoned , and destroyed the last of the canal boats based in the city .
The storm , just below hurricane strength when it reached the region , made landfall on June 22 near New York City .
Agnes merged with a non @-@ tropical low on June 23 , and the combined system affected the northeastern United States until June 25 .
The flood greatly damaged the paper mill and Piper Aircraft .
Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County .
About 0 @.@ 2 square miles ( 0 @.@ 5 km2 ) , 6 percent , is water .
Other highways entering Lock Haven include Pennsylvania Route 664 and Pennsylvania Route 150 , which connects to Avis .
Bald Eagle Mountain , one of these ridges , runs parallel to Bald Eagle Creek on the south side of the city .
The average wettest month is June .
During those same years , multi @-@ unit structures made up 57 percent of the housing @-@ unit total .
The rate of home ownership was 35 percent , and the median value of owner @-@ occupied units was about $ 100 @,@ 000 .
People of Hispanic or Latino origin accounted for about 2 percent of the residents .
Females accounted for 54 percent of the total .
Students at the university comprised about a third of the city 's population .
The mean travel time to work for employees who were at least 16 years old was 16 minutes .
Loggers used the Susquehanna River and Bald Eagle Creek to float timber to sawmills in Lock Haven and nearby towns .
Enthusiasts of radio @-@ controlled model airplanes meet annually at the William T.
Piper Memorial Airport to fly their planes .
Stevenson Library on the university campus has additional collections .
The Piper Aviation Museum exhibits aircraft and aircraft equipment , documents , photographs , and memorabilia related to Piper Aircraft .
The city 's media include The Express , a daily newspaper , and The Eagle Eye , the student newspaper at the university .
Radio stations WBPZ ( AM ) and WSQV ( FM ) broadcast from the city .
Peddie Memorial Park along Route 120 .
Hanna Park includes tennis courts , and Hoberman Park includes a skate park .
The Lock Haven City Beach , on the Susquehanna River , offers water access , a sand beach , and a bath house .
In conjunction with the school district , the city sponsors a summer recreation program .
Lock Haven has a council @-@ manager form of government .
The council , the city 's legislative body , consists of six members and a mayor , each serving a four @-@ year term .
The council sets policy , and the city manager oversees day @-@ to @-@ day operations .
The manager is Richard W.
Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County and houses county offices , courts , and the county library .
Three elected commissioners serving four @-@ year terms manage the county government .
Hanna , a Democrat , represents the 76th District , which includes Lock Haven , in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Scarnati III , a Republican , represents Lock Haven as part of the 25th District of the Pennsylvania State Senate .
Central Mountain Middle School in Mill Hall is the nearest public middle school , for grades six to eight .
The nearest public high school , grades nine to twelve , is Central Mountain High School , also in Mill Hall .
Lock Haven Taxi , based in the central downtown , has taxicabs for hire .
Fullington Trailways provides daily intercity bus service between Lock Haven and nearby cities including State College , Williamsport , and Wilkes @-@ Barre .
Charter and tour buses are available through Susquehanna Trailways , based in Avis , 10 miles ( 16 km ) northeast of Lock Haven .
The Norfolk Southern Railway mainline from Harrisburg to Buffalo , New York , runs through the center of Lock Haven .
On the east side of town , it connects to the Nittany and Bald Eagle Railroad , a short line .
Trains serving Lock Haven carry only freight .
The City of Lock Haven operates the William T.
No commercial , charter , or freight services are available at this airport .
Verizon Communications handles local telephone service ; long @-@ distance service is available from several providers .
Comcast offers high @-@ speed cable modem connections to the Internet .
Several companies can provide Lock Haven residents with dial @-@ up Internet access .
One of them , KCnet , has an office in Lock Haven .
Comcast also provides cable television .
The City of Lock Haven owns the reservoirs and water distribution system for Wayne Township , Castanea Township , and the city .
Water is treated at the Central Clinton County Water Filtration Authority Plant in Wayne Township before distribution .
The city also provides water to the Suburban Lock Haven Water Authority , which distributes it to surrounding communities .
Storm water runoff from within the city is transported by city @-@ owned storm sewers .
The Clinton County Solid Waste Authority owns and operates the Wayne Township Landfill , which serves Lock Haven .
Lock Haven Hospital is a 77 @-@ bed hospital with a 120 @-@ bed extended @-@ care unit .
It offers inpatient , outpatient , and 24 @-@ hour emergency services with heliport access .
A 10 @-@ physician community @-@ practice clinic based in the city provides primary care and specialty services .
A behavioral health clinic offers programs for children and adolescents and psychiatric outpatient care for all ages .
Alexander McDonald , a U.S.
Other notable residents have included diplomat and Dartmouth College president John Sloan Dickey and federal judge Kermit Lipez of the U.S.
Federal First District Court of Appeals .
Rachel Karen Green is a fictional character , one of the six main characters who appear in the American sitcom Friends .
Together , the characters have a daughter , Emma .
Critical reception towards Rachel has remained consistently positive throughout Friends ' decade @-@ long run , with The A.
Club attributing much of the show 's early success to the character .
However , some of her storylines have been criticized , specifically her romantic relationship with her friend Joey during season ten .
Meanwhile , the character 's relationship with Ross is often cited among television 's most beloved .
In the episodes following the break up , Rachel and Ross are initially hostile towards each other .
The exes continue to harbor feelings for each other .
Competitively , Rachel proposes to recent divorcee Joshua , frightening him off .
Rachel indirectly contributes to the demise of Ross and Emily 's relationship when he accidentally utters Rachel 's name while exchanging their wedding vows .
Ross ultimately divorces a jealous Emily , choosing his friendship with Rachel instead .
At the end of season five , Ross and Rachel drunkenly get married while vacationing with their friends in Las Vegas .
In season seven , Ross and Rachel unwittingly conceive a child when their birth control fails .
Rachel and Ross live together as non @-@ romantic roommates during the first half of season nine .
Rachel ultimately decides to stay and reignite her relationship with Ross , getting off the plane at the last minute .
Conceived as a young woman who is unprepared for adulthood , the character Rachel Green was originally named Rachel Robbins .
Because stakes for the episode were unprecedentedly high , " The One Where Rachel Finds Out " became Friends ' most reworked episode .
Crane admitted that keeping viewers interested in their relationship for ten years was challenging .
Crane felt that pairing Rachel and Joey during season ten " was for the greater good " because " It was inappropriate .
Her decision was initially ridiculed by both her friends as well as actor Adam Sandler , a Saturday Night Live alum .
Actress Elizabeth Berkley also auditioned for the role prior to being cast in the teen sitcom Saved by the Bell .
Other actresses who auditioned for Rachel include Denise Richards , Melissa Rivers , Nicolette Sheridan , Parker Posey , and Jami Gertz .
At one point , Cox had begun to regret her decision to play Monica until her own character 's storylines started improving .
Friends was Aniston 's sixth sitcom ; each of her previous ventures had been canceled prematurely .
Crane and Kauffman had worked with Aniston prior to this .
However , Littlefield remained confident that Muddling Through would fail .
Aniston explained , " When we were shooting the first grouping of cast photos ...
I was asked to step out of a bunch because they didn 't know if I was going to be still playing Rachel .
Crane and Kauffman strongly envisioned Friends as an ensemble comedy , and Warner Bros.
The show 's ensemble format is also believed to have prevented jealous conflicts among the cast .
Alongside Cox and actress Lisa Kudrow , who portrays Phoebe , Aniston became the highest @-@ paid television actress of all time .
Rachel is the youngest of Friends six main characters .
The term " spoiled " is often used to describe the character 's personality during her early appearances .
Encyclopaedia Britannica describes Rachel as a spoiled and funny character .
D 'Avria opined , " Throughout the whole series Rachel is continually meeting men she wants to impress .
Her flirtations typically fail , but she somehow winds up in a serious relationship with them .
In an interview with the Jewish Telegraph , Kauffman confirmed that Rachel is Jewish .
On the character 's " Jewish ties " , Kauffman told j.
Writing for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , Alicia R.
Critical reception towards Rachel has remained mostly positive throughout the show 's ten @-@ year run .
Also writing for The A.
The New York Times Joseph Hanania enjoyed Rachel 's telephone conversation with her father during the pilot , describing it as " hilarious .
TVLine also criticized the character 's arc in season four 's " The One With The Fake Party " .
Ramoray Dies " , in which Rachel and Monica fight over a condom .
Aniston revealed that Friends fans would often approach and scold her for things Rachel did that they deemed " disagreeable " .
CBS News placed Rachel and the cast of Friends at number 31 on its list of the " 50 greatest TV characters " .
BuddyTV ranked Rachel the 15th funniest female character in sitcom history .
Several baby name books and websites now commonly associate the name " Rachel " with the character .
Aniston 's performance in Friends has been praised since her first appearance in its pilot .
Entertainment Weekly 's Ken Tucker wrote that the actress provides Rachel with " prickly intelligence " .
Robert Bianco of the Pittsburgh Post @-@ Gazette praised the show 's female cast collectively .
TV Guide wrote that the actress " instantly charmed audiences with her perfect looks and endearingly flawed persona " .
Kevin Fallon of The Daily Beast dubbed Aniston 's performance on Friends " the work of a brilliant character actress .
Karen Thomas of USA Today dubbed Aniston " our favorite Friend " .
According to Turner Classic Movies , Aniston ultimately became " One of the most popular television actresses of her era " .
Aniston 's performance in Friends led to a successful film career .
According to Steve Charnock of Yahoo !
Ryan Gilbey of The Guardian noted that " Consequently , many of Aniston 's movie roles ...
According to TV Guide , Aniston is " usually called upon to play a variation of her neurotic and adorable Friends character " .
Although wildly popular among audiences , the couple has been met with mixed reviews from critics .
Katherine Hassel of the Daily Express described the characters ' relationship as " the heart of the show " .
Virgin Media wrote that the couple 's dynamics " had grown mightily tedious " by season ten .
Rachel and Ross are considered to be among television 's greatest and most beloved couples .
Ninemsn referred to them as " everyone 's favourite on ...
TV Guide ranked Ross and Rachel the third greatest television couple , dubbing them " the most iconic TV couple in recent memory " .
Extra placed the couple at number eight , writing , " Never did we want two people to get together more than Ross ...
Refinery29 included Rachel and Ross in the website 's " 16 TV Couples We Want To Be Together Forever " list .
The pair is also often ranked among television 's greatest " will they or won 't they " couples .
Kaitlin Reilly of Bustle magazine defined the term as " the person of whom another is meant to be with forever " .
Ultimately , Rachel 's season eight pregnancy arc is credited with reviving the show 's ratings and reviews .
Eric Goldman of IGN referred to the Rachel @-@ Joey storyline as " questionable .
Johnson panning it as " desperate " , concluding , " Jeers for even conceiving this romantic plot ; cheers for abandoning it " .
Bustle also cited the same episode as one of the show 's worst , calling it " the most nonsensical idea to ever be .
Their relationship also spawned a debate among fans , who argued over whether making Rachel and Joey a couple was a bad idea .
Jenna Mullins of E !
They didn 't make sense and their romantic scenes felt forced " .
According to Vogue magazine 's Edward Barsamian , Rachel 's fashion sense inspired " the cool New York look " .
Hailing her as the " Fash Queen " , Heat magazine observed the character 's influence on plaid skirts , denim and overalls .
Citing every costume the character wore during the first season of Friends , BuzzFeed determined that Rachel popularized the mullet dress .
TV Guide published a list of " The 17 Ways Rachel from Friends Changed ' 90s Fashion " .
Rachel is often ranked among television 's best dressed characters .
Elle included Rachel in the magazine 's " 50 Best Dressed Women on TV " list .
InStyle ranked Friends the 36th most fashionable television show of all @-@ time , praising Rachel , Monica and Phoebe 's costumes .
StyleCaster ranked Rachel among " The 50 Most Stylish TV Characters Of All Time " at number 28 .
Brides magazine ranked Rachel 's wedding dress among " The Best TV Wedding Dresses " .
The " Rachel " debuted in the show 's 20th episode , " The One With the Evil Orthodontist " .
Aniston believes that her hair stylist , Chris McMillan , created the haircut while he was " stoned " .
The " Rachel " immediately became popular among women , launching an international hair trend .
According to Vanity Fair , the hairstyle 's " widespread popularity ...
Hair stylists credit its appeal and popularity to its medium length and volume , combined with its tendency to frame the face flatteringly .
Hairdresser Mark Woolley described it as " a cut that flatters almost everyone , designed to make women look beautiful " .
The Huffington Post determined that the hairstyle is one of " The Most Famous TV Hairstyles Of All Time " .
US Weekly ranked the " Rachel " the 17th most iconic hairstyle .
Glamour magazine ranked the " Rachel " fourth on the magazine 's list of " The 100 Best Hairstyles of All Time " .
Josh Robertson of Complex magazine felt that " With the haircut , the TV fame , and a true gift for comedy ...
Despite her association with the cut , Aniston disliked the hairstyle .
She found maintaining the hairstyle without McMillan 's help difficult , stating " I 'd curse Chris every time I had to blowdry .
It became known as Crac de l 'Ospital ; the name Krak des Chevaliers was coined in the 19th century .
The order controlled a number of castles along the border of the County of Tripoli , a state founded after the First Crusade .
Krak des Chevaliers was among the most important , and acted as a center of administration as well as a military base .
After a second phase of building was undertaken in the 13th century , Krak des Chevaliers became a concentric castle .
This phase created the outer wall and gave the castle its current appearance .
The first half of the century has been described as Krak des Chevaliers ' " golden age " .
At its peak , Krak des Chevaliers housed a garrison of around 2 @,@ 000 .
Such a large garrison allowed the Hospitallers to extract tribute from a wide area .
Renewed interest in Crusader castles in the 19th century led to the investigation of Krak des Chevaliers , and architectural plans were drawn up .
In the late 19th or early 20th century a settlement had been created within the castle , causing damage to its fabric .
Today , a village called al @-@ Husn exists around the castle and has a population of nearly 9 @,@ 000 .
It was called by the Franks Le Crat and then by a confusion with karak ( fortress ) , Le Crac .
On the other side of the gap , 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) away , was the 12th @-@ century Gibelacar Castle .
The route through the strategically important Homs Gap connects the cities of Tripoli and Homs .
To the north of the castle lies the Jebel Ansariyah , and to the south Lebanon .
The surrounding area is fertile , benefiting from streams and abundant rainfall .
Homs was never under Crusader control , so the region around the Castle of the Kurds was vulnerable to expeditions from the city .
Because of the castle 's command of the plain , it became the Knights ' most important base in the area .
When building castles , Muslims often chose elevated sites such as hills and mountains that provided natural obstacles .
The following day Raymond marched on the castle and found it deserted .
The crusaders briefly occupied the castle in February of the same year but abandoned it when they continued their march towards Jerusalem .
The early castle was substantially different from the extant remains and no trace of this first castle survives at the site .
It started as a religious order which cared for the sick , and later looked after pilgrims to the Holy Land .
There were also other military orders , such as the Knights Templar , which offered protection to pilgrims .
According to historian Jonathan Riley @-@ Smith , the Hospitallers effectively established a " palatinate " within Tripoli .
The property included castles with which the Hospitallers were expected to defend Tripoli .
Raymond II could further not make peace with the Muslims without the permission of the Hospitallers .
An Arab source mentions that the quake destroyed the castle 's chapel , which was replaced by the present chapel .
Unwilling to meet him in open battle , the Crusaders retreated to the relative safety of their fortifications .
After the battle , the Hospitaller castles of Belmont , Belvoir , and Bethgibelin fell to Muslim armies .
Following these losses , the Order focused its attention on its castles in Tripoli .
The 13th @-@ century work was the last period of building at Krak des Chevaliers and gave it its current appearance .
The first half of the 13th century has been characterized as Krak des Chevaliers ' " golden age " .
While other Crusader strongholds came under threat , Krak des Chevaliers and its garrison of 2 @,@ 000 soldiers dominated the surrounding area .
Crusaders who passed through the area would often stop at the castle , and probably made donations .
He was so impressed with the castle that he gave a yearly income of 60 marks to the Master and 40 to the brothers .
This situation lasted as long as Saladin 's successors warred between themselves .
He also noted that by this point there were only 300 of the Order 's brethren left in the east .
Before he marched on the castle the Sultan captured the smaller castles in the area , including Chastel Blanc .
On 3 March , Baibars ' army arrived at Krak des Chevaliers .
By the time the Sultan appeared on the scene , the castle may already have been blockaded by Mamluk forces for several days .
Peasants who lived in the area had fled to the castle for safety and were kept in the outer ward .
As soon as Baibars arrived he erected mangonels , powerful siege weapons which he would later turn on the castle .
In the outer ward they encountered the peasants who had sought refuge in the castle .
Although the letter was a forgery , the garrison capitulated and the Sultan spared their lives .
The new owners of the castle undertook repairs , focused mainly on the outer ward .
The Hospitaller chapel was converted to a mosque and two mihrabs were added to the interior .
Guillaume Rey was the first European researcher to scientifically study Crusader castles in the Holy Land .
In some instances his drawings were inaccurate , however for Krak des Chavaliers they record features which have since been lost .
Since Rey had visited in the 19th century a village of 500 people had been established within the castle .
Renewed inhabitation had damaged the site : underground vaults had been used as rubbish tips and in some places the battlements had been destroyed .
The survey has been widely praised , described as " brilliant and exhaustive " by military historian D.
The villagers were moved and paid F1 million between them in compensation .
Over the following two years a programme of cleaning and restoration was carried out by a force of 120 workers .
Once finished , Krak des Chevaliers was one of the key tourist attractions in the French Levant .
Pierre Coupel , who had undertaken similar work at the Tower of the Lions and the two castles at Sidon , supervized the work .
Despite the restoration , no archaeological excavations were carried out .
Several of the castle 's former residents built their houses outside the fortress and a village called al @-@ Husn has since developed .
Many of the al @-@ Husn 's roughly 9 @,@ 000 Muslim residents benefit economically from the tourism generated by the site .
Writing in the early 20th century , T.
Margat has also been cited as Krak des Chevaliers ' sister castle .
The main building material at Krak des Chevaliers was limestone ; the ashlar facing is so fine that the mortar is barely noticeable .
Outside the castle 's entrance was a " walled suburb " known as a burgus , no trace of which remains .
The inner defences are strongest at this point , with a cluster of towers connected by a thick wall .
The castle was defended by a stone curtain wall studded with square towers which projected slightly .
The main entrance was between two towers on the eastern side , and there was a postern gate in the northwest tower .
At the center was a courtyard surrounded by vaulted chambers .
The lay of the land dictated the castle 's irregular shape .
This phase of building was incorporated into the later castle 's construction .
When Krak des Chevaliers was remodelled in the 13th century , new walls surrounding the inner court were built .
In this area , the walls were supported by a steeply sloping glacis which provided additional protection against both siege weapons and earthquakes .
The southwest tower was designed to house the rooms of the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller .
Machicolations were absent from the southern face .
The area between the inner court and the outer walls was narrow and not used for accommodation .
In the east , where the defences were weakest , there was an open cistern filled by an aqueduct .
It acted both as a moat and water supply for the castle .
At the north end of the small courtyard is a chapel and at the southern end is an esplanade .
Lining the west of the courtyard is the hall of the Knights .
Though probably first built in the 12th century , the interior dates from the 13th @-@ century remodelling .
It was divided into three roughly equal bays .
A cornice runs round the chapel at the point where the vault ends and the wall begins .
When the castle was remodelled in the early 13th century , the entrance was moved to the south wall .
The second phase of building work undertaken by the Hospitallers began in the early 13th century and lasted decades .
The outer walls were built in the last major construction on the site , lending the Krak des Chevaliers its current appearance .
Standing 9 metres ( 30 ft ) high , the outer circuit had towers that projected strongly from the wall .
This design was new and even contemporary Templar castles did not have rounded towers .
The extension to the southeast is of lesser quality than the rest of the circuit and was built at an unknown date .
Arrow slits in the walls and towers were distributed to minimize the amount of dead ground around the castle .
Machicolations crowned the walls , offering defenders a way to hurl projectiles towards enemies at the foot of the wall .
They were so cramped archers would have had to crouch inside them .
However , they bore similarities to Muslim work , such as the contemporary defences at the Citadel of Aleppo .
These defences were accessed by a wall @-@ walk known as a chemin de ronde .
When the outer walls were built in the 13th century the main entrance was enhanced .
A vaulted corridor led uphill from the outer gate in the northeast .
The corridor made a hairpin turn halfway along its length , making it an example of a bent entrance .
Bent entrances were a Byzantine innovation , but that at Krak des Chevaliers was a particularly complex example .
Anyone going straight ahead rather than following the hairpin turn would emerge in the area between the castle 's two circuits of walls .
To access the inner ward , the passage had to be followed round .
Mold , smoke , and moisture have made it difficult to preserve the frescoes .
The fragmentary nature of the red and blue frescoes inside the chapel means they are difficult to assess .
The one on the exterior of the chapel depicted the Presentation of Jesus at the Temple .
The Importance of Being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
Its high farce and witty dialogue have helped make The Importance of Being Earnest Wilde 's most enduringly popular play .
The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde 's career but also heralded his downfall .
Wilde was tipped off and Queensberry was refused admission .
His notoriety caused the play , despite its early success , to be closed after 86 performances .
After his release , he published the play from exile in Paris , but he wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere .
It has been adapted for the cinema on three occasions .
Wilde spent the summer with his family at Worthing , where he wrote the play quickly in August .
His fame now at its peak , he used the working title Lady Lancing to avoid pre @-@ emptive speculation of its content .
There is widespread agreement among Wilde scholars that the most important influence on the play was W.
In revising as he did , " Wilde transformed standard nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality which characterises Earnest 's dialogue " .
Richard Ellmann argues that Wilde had reached his artistic maturity and wrote this work more surely and rapidly than before .
When Henry James 's Guy Domville failed , Alexander turned to Wilde and agreed to put on his play .
Alexander began his usual meticulous preparations , interrogating the author on each line and planning stage movements with a toy theatre .
In the course of these rehearsals Alexander asked Wilde to shorten the play from four acts to three .
Wilde agreed and combined elements of the second and third acts .
The largest cut was the removal of the character of Mr.
Gribsby , a solicitor who comes from London to arrest the profligate " Ernest " ( i.e.
Algernon , who is posing as " Ernest " , will be led away to Holloway Jail unless he settles his accounts immediately .
Jack finally agrees to pay for Ernest , everyone thinking that it is Algernon 's bill when in fact it is his own .
The four @-@ act version was first played on the radio in a BBC production and is still sometimes performed .
It was freezing cold but Wilde arrived dressed in " florid sobriety " , wearing a green carnation .
Aynesworth was himself " debonair and stylish " , and Alexander , who played Jack Worthing , " demure " .
Wilde and Alexander learned of the plan , and the latter cancelled Queensberry 's ticket and arranged for policemen to bar his entrance .
Its cast included William Faversham as Algy , Henry Miller as Jack , Viola Allen as Gwendolen , and Ida Vernon as Lady Bracknell .
Wilde 's downfall in England did not affect the popularity of his plays in Australia .
Though unsure of Wilde 's seriousness as a dramatist , they recognised the play 's cleverness , humour and popularity with audiences .
In The Speaker , A.
Walkley admired the play and was one of few to see it as the culmination of Wilde 's dramatic career .
The Importance of Being Earnest is Wilde 's most popular work and is continually revived .
Matthews succeeded the creators as Jack and Algy .
Many revivals in the first decades of the 20th century treated " the present " as the current year .
The production was presented in several seasons during and after the Second World War , with mostly the same main players .
As Wilde 's work came to be read and performed again , it was The Importance of Being Earnest that received the most productions .
It was nominated for three Tony Awards .
The play is set in " The Present " ( i.e.
Ernest has come from the country to propose to Algernon 's cousin , Gwendolen Fairfax .
In the city , meanwhile , he assumes the identity of the libertine Ernest .
Jack refuses to tell Algernon the location of his country estate .
Gwendolen and her formidable mother Lady Bracknell now call on Algernon who distracts Lady Bracknell in another room while Jack proposes to Gwendolen .
She accepts , but seems to love him very largely for his professed name of Ernest .
Jack accordingly resolves to himself to be rechristened " Ernest " .
Discovering them in this intimate exchange , Lady Bracknell interviews Jack as a prospective suitor .
Gwendolen , though , manages covertly to promise to him her undying love .
Cecily is studying with her governess , Miss Prism .
Algernon arrives , pretending to be Ernest Worthing , and soon charms Cecily .
Therefore , Algernon , too , plans for the rector , Dr.
Chasuble , to rechristen him " Ernest " .
Jack , meanwhile , has decided to abandon his double life .
Gwendolen now enters , having run away from home .
When Jack and Algernon reappear , their deceptions are exposed .
Arriving in pursuit of her daughter , Lady Bracknell is astonished to be told that Algernon and Cecily are engaged .
Having acquired such respectable relations , he is acceptable as a suitor for Gwendolen after all .
Gwendolen , though , still insists that she can only love a man named Ernest .
Lady Bracknell informs Jack that , as the first @-@ born , he would have been named after his father , General Moncrieff .
Pretence was reality all along .
Arthur Ransome described The Importance ...
While much theatre of the time tackled serious social and political issues , Earnest is superficially about nothing at all .
The play repeatedly mocks Victorian traditions and social customs , marriage and the pursuit of love in particular .
I hate people who are not serious about meals .
It is so shallow of them , " says Algernon in Act 1 ; allusions are quick and from multiple angles .
Wilde managed both to engage with and to mock the genre , while providing social commentary and offering reform .
Can you forgive me ?
GWENDOLEN : I can .
For I feel that you are sure to change .
In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social distinctions of London 's street names , Jack 's obscure parentage is subtly evoked .
He defends himself against her " A handbag ?
At the time , Victoria Station consisted of two separate but adjacent terminal stations sharing the same name .
On re @-@ reading the play after his release from prison , Wilde said : " It was extraordinary reading the play over .
How I used to toy with that Tiger Life .
The use of the name Earnest may have been a homosexual in @-@ joke .
He replied in his ringing tones : " No @-@ No !
Nonsense , absolute nonsense : I would have known " .
It may have derived from Henry Shirley Bunbury , a hypochondriacal acquaintance of Wilde 's youth .
There are three different registers detectable in the play .
The formidable pronouncements of Lady Bracknell are as startling for her use of hyperbole and rhetorical extravagance as for her disconcerting opinions .
In contrast , the speech of Dr.
Chasuble and Miss Prism is distinguished by " pedantic precept " and " idiosyncratic diversion " .
Furthermore , the play is full of epigrams and paradoxes .
Lady Bracknell 's line , " A handbag ?
Similarly , Wilde 's use of dialogue mocks the upper classes of Victorian England lending the play a satirical tone .
Ellmann argues that the proofs show a man " very much in command of himself and of the play " .
Wilde 's name did not appear on the cover , it was " By the Author of Lady Windermere 's Fan " .
Staff were unable to trace the donor .
The easiest case of a suitable translation of the pun , perpetuating its sense and meaning , may have been its translation into German .
The meaning and tenor of the wordplay are exactly the same .
Yet there are many different possible titles in German , mostly concerning sentence structure .
Four main strategies have been used by translators .
Parker 's adaptation includes the dunning solicitor Mr.
Algernon too is pursued by a group of creditors in the opening scene .
The curtain rises on Algy strumming away at the piano , singing ' I can play Chopsticks , Lane ' .
There have been many radio versions of the play .
The production was later released on CD .
The production was later issued on audio cassette .
The production was released on audio cassette .
Mathews joined the Royal Navy as a cadet at the age of 13 and progressed through the ranks to lieutenant .
There followed more expeditions to the African mainland , including a failed attempt to stop German expansion in East Africa .
During this time Mathews was a keen abolitionist and promoted this cause to the Sultans he worked with .
Whilst onboard he drilled his own troops , captured several slave dhows and was commended for his actions by the Admiralty .
The latter was possibly modelled on the Royal Navy officers uniform with which he was familiar .
The troops completed this mission , capturing several slavers and hindering the trade .
The expedition ended instead at Mamboya where a 60 @-@ man garrison was established .
This vessel and her crew made several patrols aimed at hindering the slave trade using smaller steam boats for the actual pursuits and captures .
This dhow had around 100 slaves on board and was transporting them between Pemba and Zanzibar .
Finding around 8 @,@ 000 people gathered against the German administrators Mathews was forced to return with his men to Zanzibar .
In this capacity Mathews was " irremovable by the sultan " and answerable only to the Sultan and the British Consul .
Mathews was also known as the " Strong man of Zanzibar " .
He never took up the post and instead chose to remain in Zanzibar .
He was also awarded membership of the Order of the Crown by the German government .
Mathews opposed this succession and , with British agreement , called up 900 soldiers in an attempt to prevent it .
Mathews ' helped to arrange the succession of a pro @-@ British Sultan , Hamoud bin Mohammed , as Khalid 's successor .
Konjoro was destroyed and the leaders fled to Gazi where the older Mbaruk failed to turn them over .
Another force , under Admiral Rawson , with 400 British marines and sailors , was sent after them .
During the latter action Mathews was wounded in the shoulder .
The IBEA was given control of the area and established a force of 250 Indian police to maintain the peace .
This consisted of three warships : HMS Blanche , HMS Sparrow and the Zanzibari ship HHS Barawa .
The latter carried Mathews with 125 Askaris and 50 Sudanese under Brigadier @-@ General Hatch of the Zanzibar army .
The British troops then withdrew , having suffered heavily from malaria , but the Sudanese and Zanzibari troops remained .
In return for this action , Mathews received the British East and West Africa campaign medal .
His successor as first minister was A.S.
Changuu island , which Mathews bought for a prison , now has a restaurant named in his honour and also a church .
Mathews House , at the Western end of Zanzibar Town , is also named for him .
She was loaned to the Royal Hellenic Navy the next year after conversion into an escort destroyer .
She was renamed Salamis and served in the Aegean for the rest of the war .
Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3 @-@ drum boilers .
The ship 's complement was 134 officers and enlisted men , although it increased to 142 during wartime .
She was fitted with two above @-@ water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 @-@ inch ( 533 mm ) torpedoes .
The 2 @-@ pounder mounts were replaced during the war by 20 @-@ millimetre ( 0 @.@ 8 in ) Oerlikon autocannon .
Four additional Oerlikon guns were added in the forward superstructure for a total of six guns .
Upon her return the following month , the ship began a refit at Portsmouth that lasted until 11 June .
Boreas escorted the royal yacht Victoria and Albert during the Royal Tour of Scotland from 26 July to 4 August .
The ship escorted the battleship Revenge and the ocean liner Aquitania in September during the Munich Crisis .
Boreas briefly served as a plane guard for the aircraft carriers of the Home Fleet later that year .
Her repairs lasted until 19 June and Boreas was assigned to the 1st Destroyer Flotilla at Dover upon their completion .
Her bridge was hit twice by bombs that killed one officer and twenty crewmen .
Boreas remained there until she joined Convoy HG 70 on 10 August at Gibraltar .
The ship rescued survivors from four ships and returned them to Gibraltar on 25 August .
She was immediately assigned to escort the ships of Operation Stoneage that relieved the Siege of Malta .
Boreas returned to Freetown in February and remained there until June when she was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in preparation for Operation Husky .
The ship was loaned to the Royal Hellenic Navy on 10 February and recommissioned by them on 25 March as Salamis .
She was damaged while working up at Scapa Flow and was under repair at Hull from 28 April to 13 June .
Kaimanawa horses are a population of feral horses in New Zealand that are descended from domestic horses released in the 19th and 20th centuries .
They are known for their hardiness and quiet temperament .
The New Zealand government strictly controls the population to protect the habitat in which they live , which includes several endangered species of plants .
The varying heritage gives the breed a wide range of heights , body patterns and colours .
They are usually well @-@ muscled , sure @-@ footed and tough .
The feral herds grew as horses escaped and were released from sheep stations and cavalry bases .
A small , mostly unmanaged population also exists on the Aupouri Peninsula at the northern tip of the North Island .
Kaimanawa horses today have the highest amount of genetic similarity with the Thoroughbred and other Thoroughbred cross breeds .
Legislative protection was similar to the kiwi and other native species .
Any coat colour or pattern marking is acceptable .
They are usually well @-@ muscled .
The hindquarters vary from sloping to well @-@ rounded .
The legs are long and well @-@ muscled , with strong hooves , and hind hooves that are generally smaller than the front ones .
All horses are considered to age a year on the first of August , regardless of their actual foaling date .
However , core animal welfare groups felt that shooting was the most humane option .
These horses are either taken directly to slaughter or are placed at holding farms for later slaughter or adoption by private homes .
A main reason for the strict population control is to protect the habitat in which they live .
This habitat includes 16 plant species listed as endangered , which the Kaimanawa may endanger further through trampling and overgrazing .
Only one injury resulting in the death of a horse is known to have occurred .
Kaimanawas are of special value because of their low rate of interaction with humans .
This lack of interaction may result in a herd with more wild and fewer domestic characteristics , which is of special interest to researchers .
The Remix is a remix album by American recording artist Lady Gaga .
A number of recording artists have produced the songs , including Pet Shop Boys , Passion Pit and The Sound of Arrows .
The remixed versions feature both uptempo and downtempo compositions , with altered vocals from Gaga .
It reached the top of charts in Greece and the Dance / Electronic Albums chart of Billboard magazine in the United States .
It was certified platinum in Japan and Brazil and received gold certification in Belgium and Russia .
Worldwide the album has sold over 500 @,@ 000 copies , and it is among the best @-@ selling remix albums of all time .
The remixes included in the package had been previously released alongside Gaga 's single releases in the past years .
Other artists who remixed Gaga 's songs included Alphabeat , Frankmusik , Stuart Price , Monarchy and Robots to Mars .
Stuart Price remixed " Paparazzi " into an electronic version , changing the original mid @-@ tempo composition of the song .
Upon its release , the album met with mixed reviews .
At Metacritic it holds an aggregate score of 54 out of 100 points , indicating generally mixed or average reviews .
He felt that the song " brings out her inner Elton John .
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic gave the album three out of five stars , but felt that the track list could have been shortened .
She listed the Chew Fu remix of " LoveGame " as a highlight from the album .
She felt that the Passion Pit remix of " Telephone " was the best remix on the album .
Following the album 's release in Japan , it debuted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart .
Across Europe , the album debuted at seven on the European Top 100 Albums chart of Billboard .
It became Gaga 's third top ten album on the Billboard 200 .
It also debuted at number one on Billboard 's Dance / Electronic Albums making this Gaga 's third number one entry on the chart .
The same week , her studio albums The Fame and The Fame Monster were at positions two and three respectively .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of UK pressings of The Remix .
Track numbers correspond to international ( non @-@ US and Japan ) pressings .
Architectural knowledge had been passed down orally for thousands of years , usually from craftsman fathers to their sons .
There were also government agencies and schools for construction , building , and engineering .
The Song dynasty 's building manuals aided not only the various private workshops , but also the craftsmen employed by the central government .
The city wall itself was built with rammed earth , a technique also detailed in Yingzao Fashi , vol .
Following this , tamp the surface with pestles or stamp with feet randomly to even out the surface .
The inner city was rectangular , with three doors on each side .
The palace enclosure was also rectangular , with a watch tower on each of the four corners .
There were also two glazed dragons , each biting an end of the rooftop ridge , its tail pointing to the sky .
However , they misnamed it " sparrow @-@ hawk tail " ( chi wei ) .
Running southward from Xuande Gate was the Imperial Boulevard , about two hundred paces wide , with the Imperial Corridors on either side .
Two rows of black fencing were placed at the center of the boulevard as a barrier to pedestrians and carriages .
Along the inner sides of the fences ran the brick @-@ lined Imperial Water Furrows , filled with lotus .
This design of a boulevard with a stone bridge crossing a river was later imitated in the Forbidden City .
Although Buddhist influences on China waned after the late Tang period , numerous Buddhist pagoda towers were built during the Song dynasty .
The Giant Wild Goose Pagoda , built in a city ward of what was southeastern Chang 'an , is among the exceptions .
The Iron Pagoda of Youguo Temple in Kaifeng earned it name from the iron @-@ grey color of the glazed bricks forming the tower .
This 13 @-@ story pagoda , structured on an octagonal base , is 56 @.@ 88 meters ( 186 @.@ 6 ft ) tall .
Its glazed tile bricks feature carved artwork of dancing figures , solemn ministers , and Buddhist themes ( see gallery below ) .
Imitating contemporary wooden , stone , and brick pagodas , the pagoda features sloping eaves and an octagonal base .
Several such cast iron pagodas exist in China today .
The Liuhe Pagoda , or Six Harmonies Pagoda , is another example of Song @-@ era pagoda architecture .
Wood @-@ and @-@ brick hybrid pagodas were also built .
However , the Pizhi Pagoda features winding exterior stairs that provide access to the ninth and topmost floor .
Often the land already contained buildings that could be re @-@ purposed for religions use .
Apart from stimulating the development of urban areas , temples and religious buildings featured a number of unique aesthetic and structural features .
The roof is supported by massive dougong brackets corresponding to drawings in Yingzao Fashi .
The eaves of the Temple of the Saintly Mother curve upward slightly at each end , a characteristic of Song architecture .
It was subsequently destroyed near the end of the Yuan dynasty .
However , several other structures in Shou Qiu , the complex that Jingling Palace was situated in , remain intact .
Two giant tortoise @-@ borne steles flank what was the entrance to the palace .
Another important large tortoise @-@ borne stele of the same period has been preserved at the Dai Miao of Mount Tai .
Bridges over waterways had been known in China since the ancient Zhou dynasty .
In Fujian Province , enormous beam bridges were built during the Song dynasty .
Other examples of Song bridges include Guyue Bridge , a stone arch bridge in Yiwu , Zhejiang Province .
Yingzao Fashi included building codes and regulations , accounting information , descriptions of construction materials , and classification of crafts .
In its 34 chapters , the book outlined units of measurement , and the construction of moats , fortifications , stonework , and woodwork .
For the latter , it included specifications for making bracketing units with inclined arms and joints for columns and beams .
It also provided specifications for wood carving , drilling , sawing , bamboo work , tiling , wall building , and decoration .
The book contained recipes for decorative paints , glazes , and coatings , also listing proportions for mixing mortars used in masonry , .
His book outlined structural carpentry in great detail , providing standard dimensional measurements for all components used ; .
Deakin later said , " ' One small step ' leaves me cold , because it was so obviously scripted .
The fourth track , " Return to Patagonia " , features several jazz @-@ inspired elements .
The song " Nice Weather for Ducks " is built around a sample inspired by John Langstaff 's song " All the Ducks " .
The duo had attempted to clear Langstaff 's version for sampling , but were unable to .
In the end , they had Enn Reitel re @-@ record the vocal snippet .
Lost Horizons received mostly positive reviews from music critics , although several critics critiqued the album 's near @-@ constant mellowness .
Many reviews singled out " Nice Weather for Ducks " as the album 's stand @-@ out track .
Mason selected the " dreamy , acoustic guitar @-@ based " song as one of the album 's highlights in his review .
Wysel called it a " pool of darkness " that " comes as quite a shock .
In the UK , the album charted at number 20 on the Albums Chart .
In the US , it peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart .
In both cases , it was the first Lemon Jelly album to do so .
Again , this was a first for the band .
The Fastra II is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography .
The only such motherboard the ASTRA group could find at that time was the MSI K9A2 Platinum , which has four such slots .
In the Fastra II , the GPUs mainly perform tomographic reconstruction .
Due to the number of GPUs in the system , its initial boot was unsuccessful .
This was because its motherboard uses a 32 bit BIOS , which only had approximately 3 GB of address space for the video cards .
However , Asus managed to provide them a specialized BIOS that entirely skipped the address space allocation of the GTX 295 video cards .
The BIOS @-@ replacement coreboot was not tested .
All seven PCI Express x16 slots in the Asus P6T7 motherboard were used in the building of the Fastra II computer .
However , the video cards in the Fastra II are wide enough to require two such slots each .
Like the Fastra I , the Fastra II uses a Lian Li PC @-@ P80 Armorsuit case , which has 10 expansion slots .
The motherboard in the Fastra II was at that time the only workstation motherboard that had seven full @-@ sized PCI Express x16 slots .
The total amount of GPUs is 13 .
The video cards together bring 12 teraflops of computing power .
Four of the six GTX 295 video cards have 2 PCBs , while the other two have only 1 PCB .
The Fastra II is over three times faster than the Fastra I in CT slice reconstruction speed .
The video cards run at 37 degrees Celsius when idle , and at 60 degrees Celsius at full load .
The operating system is CentOS , a community driven Linux distribution and Red Hat Enterprise Linux clone .
The Fastra II received a positive public impression .
The Fastra II 's motherboard is designed for workstations , and it is mainly being used in hospitals for medical imaging .
It remains to be seen whether another Fastra featuring NVLink , first available with Pascal @-@ based GPUs , will be build .
She was the only ship named for Captain Kidder Breese .
She had a regular crew complement of 122 officers and enlisted men .
She was driven by two Parsons or Westinghouse turbines , and powered by four Normand boilers .
The class also suffered problems with turning and weight .
Ships such as Breese , however , performed better than this .
Breese was the only U.S.
Navy ship to be named for Kidder Breese , who had been a U.S.
Navy officer during the Mexican @-@ American War and later the Civil War .
She then returned to San Diego for sea trials and standardization tests in her new role .
These completed , she departed for Pearl Harbor .
She was assigned to Mine Division 1 of the Pacific Fleet , and operated out of Hawaiian waters .
She conducted several training exercises , including with the submarine divisions where she served as a target ship .
She also served as a station ship for aircraft .
Breese quickly loaded her machine guns and began firing at 07 : 57 .
She was credited with hits on several Japanese aircraft and damaging at least one midget submarine .
Breese was undamaged in the attack .
She rendezvoused with Southard at the mouth of the harbor to offload this , then steamed east on patrol .
Breese , which was moored in the channel , rendered aid .
They laid mined in Blackett Strait to guard the western approaches to Kula Gulf .
She supported Allied efforts around New Georgia @-@ Rendova Vangunu from 29 June to 25 August .
Assigned to Task Unit 36 @.@ 2 @.@ 2 , she , Preble and Gamble laid mines off Shortland Harbor , Bougainville .
She then supported the occupation and defense of Cape Torokina conducting minesweeping duties there from 1 to 8 November .
She supported the Battle of Iwo Jima from 7 February to 7 March .
She undertook mine duties supporting the Battle of Okinawa between 25 March and 30 June .
She transited the Panama Canal and arrived at New York City on 13 December .
She received ten battle stars for her service in World War II .
The episode was directed by one of the season 's producers , Don Scardino .
The episode earned Tina Fey the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series .
Unusually this episode begins on the 30 Rock title sequence - there is no cold open as is normally the case .
This episode begins on the annual TGS with Tracy Jordan ( a fictional sketch comedy series ) Sandwich Day .
It is the annual Sandwich Day for the crew of TGS .
The Teamsters , led by Mickey J.
Liz tries to win Floyd back , only for him to lie to her about going home to Cleveland , Ohio .
Floyd eventually travels home , and the pair agree to remain friends .
He later decides to move to Washington , D.C.
This episode was the fourth episode written by Jack Burditt and the seventh written by Robert Carlock .
The episode was the twelfth episode which was directed by Don Scardino .
Tina Fey and Tracy Morgan have both been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live .
Alec Baldwin has also hosted Saturday Night Live sixteen times , the highest number of episodes of any host of the series .
This was actress Johnnie May 's second appearance in 30 Rock .
She previously appeared in the episode " Tracy Does Conan " as a nurse who takes Liz 's blood for donation .
The episode also achieved a 2 @.@ 6 / 7 in the key 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ old demographic .
The 2 @.@ 6 refers to 2 @.@ 6 % of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds in the U.S.
Robert Canning of IGN wrote that this episode " turned out to be an absolute winner " .
Jeff Labrecque of Entertainment Weekly thought that this episode " was nothing more than ...
He called this episode a " weak link " .
Tiber is only the 18th Lower Tertiary well to date , and drilling in these formations is in its infancy .
The commercial prospects of the field have not yet been evaluated .
Much of the deeper gulf reserves are buried under salt accumulations thousands of feet thick , which present a problem for seismic exploration .
BP had previously developed exploration techniques to bypass this difficulty .
Oil was located at " multiple levels " .
This unexpected order was not understood by all of his captains , and as a result his attack was more piecemeal than he intended .
Nevertheless , his ships inflicted a severe tactical defeat on the French fleet .
On 1 February France declared war on both Britain and the Dutch Republic .
Off Northern France , the French Atlantic Fleet had mutinied due to errors in provisions and pay .
By this time at war with all her neighbours , France had nowhere to turn for overland imports of fresh provisions .
Although the British fleet was numerically superior , the French ships were larger and stronger , and carried a heavier weight of shot .
The Navy 's dockyards under First Lord of the Admiralty Charles Middleton were all fully fitted and prepared for conflict .
Unfortunately for the British , gathering sufficient manpower was difficult and never satisfactorily accomplished throughout the entire war .
Men of the 2nd .
Peter Rainier , in HMS Suffolk and commanding six other ships , was to escort the convoys for the rest of their passage .
The third force consisted of 26 ships of the line , with several supporting vessels , under Howe 's direct command .
They were to patrol the Bay of Biscay for the arriving French .
In contrast to their British counterparts , the French Navy was in a state of confusion .
The crews overruled their officers and brought their ships into harbour in search of food , leaving the French coast undefended .
The National Convention responded instantly by executing a swathe of senior officers and ship 's non @-@ commissioned officers .
Hundreds more officers and sailors were imprisoned , banished or dismissed from naval service .
He frequently intervened in strategic planning and tactical operations .
This left Villaret with 25 ships of the line at Brest to meet the threat posed by the British fleet under Lord Howe .
Nielly was the first to encounter the grain convoy , deep in the Atlantic in the second week of May .
He took it under escort as it moved closer to Europe , while Montagu was searching fruitlessly to the south .
On 25 May Howe spotted a straggler from Villaret 's fleet and gave chase ; Audacieux led Howe straight to his opponent 's location .
These two ships parted company during the night and eventually returned to their respective home ports .
Much damage was done to both fleets but the action was inconclusive , and the two forces again separated without having settled the issue .
Although Howe was in a favourable position , Villaret had not been idle during the night .
Within minutes of issuing the signal and turning his flagship HMS Queen Charlotte , Howe 's plan began to falter .
Many of the British captains had either misunderstood or ignored the signal and were hanging back in the original line .
Other ships were still struggling with damage from Howe 's earlier engagements and could not get into action fast enough .
The result was a ragged formation tipped by Queen Charlotte that headed unevenly for Villaret 's fleet .
Although Queen Charlotte pressed on all sail , she was not the first through the enemy line .
Raking both opponents , Defence soon found herself in difficulty due to the failure of those ships behind her to properly follow up .
This left her vulnerable to Mucius , Tourville and the ships following them , with which she began a furious fusillade .
In front of Marlborough the rest of the van had mixed success .
Rear @-@ Admiral Thomas Pasley of Bellerophon was an early casualty , losing a leg in the opening exchanges .
In the time it took to engage Terrible more closely , Royal Sovereign suffered a severe pounding and Admiral Graves was badly wounded .
More disturbing to Lord Howe were the actions of HMS Russell and HMS Caesar .
Molloy completely ignored Howe 's signal and continued ahead as if the British battleline was following him rather than engaging the French fleet directly .
While Howe in Queen Charlotte was engaging the French closely , his subordinates in the forward division were less active .
Of all the ships in this squadron only HMS Invincible , under Thomas Pakenham , ranged close to the French lines .
Invincible was badly damaged by her lone charge but managed to engage the larger Juste .
HMS Barfleur under Bowyer did later enter the action , but Bowyer was not present , having lost a leg in the opening exchanges .
Howe and Queen Charlotte led the fleet by example , sailing directly at the French flagship Montagne .
To the right of Queen Charlotte , HMS Brunswick had initially struggled to join the action .
Labouring behind the flagship , her captain John Harvey received a rebuke from Howe for the delay .
This manoeuvre failed when Brunswick 's anchors became entangled in Vengeur 's rigging .
Of the British rear ships , only two made a determined effort to break the French line .
Bellerophon and Leviathan were in the thick of the action , the outnumbered Bellerophon taking serious damage to her rigging .
This left her unable to manoeuvre and in danger from her opponents , of which Eole also suffered severely .
Leviathan only left America after a two @-@ hour duel , sailing at 11 : 50 to join Queen Charlotte in the centre .
Russell then fired on several passing French ships before joining Leviathan in attacking the centre of the French line .
This combat continued for several hours .
Captain Sir Andrew Snape Douglas was seriously wounded by this fire .
Brunswick also managed to drive Achille off from her far side when the French ship attempted to intervene .
With her colours rehoisted , Achille then made what sail she could in an attempt to join Villaret to the north .
It was not until 12 : 45 that the shattered Vengeur and Brunswick pulled apart , both largely dismasted and very battered .
All four ships were among those left drifting in the gap between the fleets .
However , discerning Villaret 's intention , Howe also pulled his ships together to create a new force .
His reformed squadron consisted of Queen Charlotte , Royal Sovereign , Valiant , Leviathan , Barfleur , and Thunderer .
Ultimately the ship 's pumps became unmanageable , and Vengeur began to sink .
Lieutenant John Winne of Rattler was especially commended for this hazardous work .
Casualties in the battle are notoriously hard to calculate exactly .
With only one exception ( Scipion ) , records made by the French captains of their losses at the time are incomplete .
Montagu had returned to England after his unsuccessful May cruise , and was refitting in Portsmouth when ordered to sea again .
His force of ten ships was intended to both cover Howe 's withdrawal from Biscay , and find and attack the French grain convoy .
At 15 : 30 on 8 June Montagu spotted sails , and soon identified them as the enemy .
He had located Cornic 's squadron , which was also patrolling for the convoy and the returning fleets .
Hastily turning his ships , Montagu sailed south to avoid becoming trapped between two forces which might easily overwhelm him .
Villaret and Cornic gave chase for a day before turning east towards the safety of the French ports .
On 12 June , the convoy from America finally arrived off France , having lost just one ship in passage during a storm .
The British fleet in Spithead was treated with a Royal visit by King George III and the entire royal household .
In addition the fleet 's officers took part in a celebratory parade from Brest to Paris , accompanying the recently arrived food supplies .
Among the dissenters was the highly experienced but recently dismissed Admiral Kerguelen .
Ultimately the revolutionary excesses of the period would prove disastrous for the French Navy .
In Britain , numerous honours were bestowed on the fleet and its commanders .
Vice @-@ Admiral Graves was elevated to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Graves , while Vice @-@ Admiral Hood was made Viscount Bridport .
All first lieutenants were promoted to commander and numerous other officers were promoted in consequence of their actions .
Also mentioned were Lieutenants Monkton and Donnelly .
Bitterest of all was the whispering campaign directed at Anthony Molloy , captain of HMS Caesar .
Molloy was accused of cowardice by fellow officers for his failure to follow Howe 's orders on both 29 May and 1 June .
Molloy was dismissed from his ship .
New York State Route 368 ( NY 368 ) was a state highway in Onondaga County , New York , in the United States .
NY 368 was known as Halfway Road for the hamlet it served near its midpoint .
NY 368 began at an intersection with NY 321 adjacent to the Carpenter 's Brook Fish Hatchery in the town of Elbridge .
Outside of Halfway , the route turned to the northwest toward the village of Elbridge , avoiding a marshy area directly north of Halfway .
The county also assumed ownership and maintenance of the Onondaga County portion of NY 31B as part of the exchange .
NY 368 was redesignated as County Route 107 ( CR 107 ) following the swap .
The entire route was in Elbridge , Onondaga County .
M @-@ 122 was a state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan entirely in the city of St.
The highway connected US Highway 2 ( US 2 ) to the State Highway Ferry Dock used before the Mackinac Bridge was built .
Prior to the opening of the Mackinac Bridge , travelers wishing to venture from St.
Ignace to Mackinaw City had to do so via ferry .
East of Hornbach Street M @-@ 122 curved around to the east near Paro Street .
The highway ended at the State Ferry Docks on the southeast side of the city next to the Coast Guard station .
Ignace and US 31 was scaled back to end in the Lower Peninsula in Mackinaw City .
M @-@ 122 now provided a connection between US 2 and the new docks on the southeast side of the city .
The entire highway was in St.
Ignace , Mackinac County .
It was designed as a transitional aircraft to familiarize Tupolev and the VVS with the issues involved with jet @-@ engined bombers .
Two Nene jet engines replaced the standard Shvetsov ASh @-@ 82FN radial engines .
The fuselage was lengthened 400 mm ( 16 in ) and the rear fuselage was heightened by 300 mm ( 12 in ) .
A new tricycle undercarriage was fitted , with the main gear units retracting into the engine nacelles .
Additional fuel tanks were fitted and the design of the tanks was changed to accommodate the change from gasoline to kerosene .
The control system was revised and trim tabs were fitted to the elevators .
The wing and tail were reinforced .
At high speeds it was virtually impossible to traverse and elevate the manually operated VUB @-@ 68 and Lu @-@ 68 gun turrets .
The vibration of the NS @-@ 23 cannon when firing rendered the equipment in the navigator 's cabin unusable and damaged the cabin glazing .
Turning on the Identification friend or foe ( IFF ) system adversely affected the intercom system and the radios .
New generators had to be installed as the originals did not produce enough electrical power .
The aircraft completed were later relegated to test duties .
Forest Service , the Soil Conservation Service , and the National Park Service .
Others helped provide social services and mental health services .
The CPS men served without wages and minimal support from the federal government .
The cost of maintaining the CPS camps and providing for the needs of the men was the responsibility of their congregations and families .
CPS men served longer than regular draftees and were not released until well after the end of the war .
Initially skeptical of the program , government agencies learned to appreciate the men 's service and requested more workers from the program .
CPS made significant contributions to forest fire prevention , erosion and flood control , medical science and reform of the mental health system .
Conscientious objectors ( COs ) refuse to participate in military service because of belief or religious training .
During wartime , this stance conflicts with conscription efforts .
Those willing to accept non @-@ combatant roles , such as medical personnel , are accommodated .
There are few legal options for draftees who cannot cooperate with the military in any way .
The law gave the President authority to assign such draftees to any noncombatant military role .
The government assumed that COs could be converted into soldiers once they were exposed to life in their assigned military camps .
The draftees ' refusal to put on a uniform or cooperate in any way caused difficulties for both the government and the COs .
As the United States prepared for another war , the historic peace churches , represented by Friends who understood inner dealings of Washington D.C.
The arrangements for conscientious objectors were almost identical to the World War I provisions .
The Friends representatives continued attempting to make the bill more favorable to the historic peace churches .
Any such person claiming such exemption from combatant training and service ...
The bill offered four improvements from the perspective of the churches over the World War I provisions .
Draftees turned down by local draft board could appeal under the new law .
Unlike harsher methods , the military found that this gentler approach resulted in about one in eight eventually transferring to military service .
The historic peace churches outlined a plan that included running and maintaining CPS camps under church control .
However , President Roosevelt opposed any plan not involving military control over the draftees .
To save their plan and retain civilian direction of the program , the churches offered to fund the camps .
A total of 152 camps and units were established over the next six years .
The federal government provided work projects , housing , camp furnishings and paid for transportation to the camps .
When the young men arrived at the first camps , they started a six @-@ month experiment that would extend to six years .
Civilian Public Service men lived in barracks @-@ style camps , such as former Civilian Conservation Corps facilities .
The camps served as a base of operations , from which the COs departed to their daily assignments .
Sites were located typically in rural areas near the agricultural , soil conservation and forestry projects where the work took place .
Later , with projects located in urban areas , the men lived in smaller units , communal housing near their assignments .
CPS men typically worked nine hours , six days per week .
Mennonite Central Committee , American Friends Service Committee and Brethren Service Committee administered almost all of the camps .
The Association of Catholic Conscientious Objectors managed four camps and the Methodist World Peace Commission two .
Each camp was assigned a director responsible for supervising camp operation .
Initially a pastor had the camp director role .
Later , capable men from among the CPS workers directed the camps .
Besides the director , a matron , business manager and dietitian staffed a typical camp .
An educational director was responsible for creating recreational , social and educational programs for the men .
Church history , Bible and first aid were standard course topics .
Camps produced newsletters and yearbooks documenting their experiences .
The camp dietitian , with the help of men assigned as cooks , prepared all of the meals .
Camps with large gardens provided their own fresh vegetables .
Sponsoring congregations also supplied home canned and fresh produce .
The camps were subject to the same shortages and rationing as the rest of the nation .
Men spent their free time doing crafts such as woodworking , rugmaking , leatherwork and photography .
Outdoor activities included hiking and swimming .
Men formed choirs and music ensembles , performing in neighboring towns when relations were good .
The men earned two days of furlough for each month of service .
Men with wives and dependents found it difficult to support their families .
Beyond a small allowance , the men did not get paid for their service , nor were their dependents given an allowance .
To be closer to their husbands , women sought employment near their husband 's assignment .
Later , when jobs on dairy farms became available , families could live together in housing provided for farm workers .
These camps tended to be the least productive and most difficult to administer .
Routine rule breaking frustrated camp directors .
The most difficult cases were given to the federal court system and the men imprisoned .
Churches were primarily responsible for financing Civilian Public Service , providing for the men 's food , clothes , and other material needs .
The churches also provided and paid for the camp director .
The men received an allowance of between $ 2 @.@ 50 and $ 5 @.@ 00 monthly for personal needs .
When jobs were available in surrounding farms and communities , those willing to work beyond their regular CPS jobs could earn extra spending money .
The federal government spent $ 1 @.@ 3 million on the CPS program .
The men performed $ 6 million of unpaid labor in return .
Men who worked for farmers or psychiatric hospitals received regular wages , which they were required to give to the federal government .
Objections to this practice developed immediately because the men felt they were helping to fund the war .
A compromise was reached where the wages were put into a special fund that was unused until after the end of the war .
At one point , church representatives attempted unsuccessfully to have these funds used for providing a living allowance for the men 's dependents .
The first Civilian Public Service projects were in rural areas where the men performed tasks related to soil conservation , agriculture and forestry .
Later men were assigned to projects in cities where they worked in hospitals , psychiatric wards , and university research centers .
Anticipating the rural background of most men , the initial camps provided soil conservation and farming @-@ related projects .
Labor @-@ intensive farming operations like dairies were short of workers and accepted COs to help fill the gap .
Men assigned to the Bureau of Reclamation built contours to prevent soil erosion , constructed 164 reservoirs and 249 dams .
A sixth of all CPS work was performed in this area .
At Forest Service and National Park Service camps , CPS men were responsible for fire control .
Between fires they built forest trails , cared for nursery stock , planted thousands of seedlings and engaged in pest control .
Campgrounds and roadways on the Blue Ridge Parkway and Skyline Drive of Virginia are products of CPS labor .
Hundreds of men volunteered for smoke jumping , showing their willingness to take great personal risks .
For larger fires , additional men , supplies and food were airdropped to expand the effort .
Up to 240 CPS men served in this specialized program .
One of the smokejumping schools was at Camp Paxson in Montana .
Understaffed wards at Philadelphia State Hospital had one attendant member for 300 patients , the minimum ratio being 10 : 1 .
Eventually the men received permission to work for the mental institutions as attendants or psychiatric aides .
Individuals who found jobs at the rural camps unfulfilling and meaningless , volunteered for this new type of assignment .
The mental health field promised to provide the work of national importance that the program was designed to produce .
The CPS men discovered appalling conditions in the mental hospital wards .
It is sort of like a perpetual bad dream .
The smells , the sounds of the insane voices , the bad equipment .
The long , dark corridors .
I tell you , it is all very much like a medieval fairytale of the nether regions .
I opened one of those rooms , and there was a man lying on the floor .
I leaned over to try to see what I could do to minister to him in some way , do something for him .
He may have been on a mattress or he may have been on the bare floor .
No he was on the bare floor , because when I tried to move him , his skin came off .
His skin was bloody and stuck to the floor and when I tried to lift him up it just peeled his skin off .
He was in the last stages of syphilis .
He died less than a week afterwards .
Now that was my first introduction to what was badly needed in that institution .
The CPS men objected to the mistreatment and abuse of patients and determined to improve conditions in the psychiatric wards .
They wanted to show other attendants alternatives to violence when dealing with patients .
One objector assigned to a violent ward refused to take the broomstick offered by the Charge .
When he entered the ward the patients crowded around asking , " Where is your broomstick ?
Within a few days the patients were seen gathering around the unarmed attendant telling him of their troubles .
He felt much safer than the Charge who had only his broomstick for company .
Outraged workers surveyed CPS men in other hospitals and learned of the degree of abuse throughout the psychiatric care system .
Contacting church managers and government officials , the COs begin advocating for reforms to end the abuses .
Conditions were exposed in institutions such as Cleveland State Hospital , Eastern State Hospital in Virginia and Hudson River State Hospital .
And the governor came in and they cleaned out the hospital .
I mean , they had hearings .
We all had to appear in court and all that kind of stuff .
And within a month or so , the hospital was completely changed .
This periodical later became The Psychiatric Aide , a professional journal for mental health workers .
Another effort of CPS , Mental Hygiene Project became the National Mental Health Foundation .
Roberts , Pearl Buck and Harry Emerson Fosdick to join her in advancing the organization 's objectives of reform and humane treatment of patients .
These experiments involved a range of research topics , sometimes endangering the health of the COs .
As a young surgeon , C.
Everett Koop was part of the research team at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
It couldn 't happen today .
At the University of Minnesota , twelve CPS men underwent tests to determine the recovery period for those infected with malaria .
This research documented the debilitating effects of the disease and the amount of time required for a complete recovery .
This research proved that colds and some types of pneumonia are cause by a virus , not bacteria .
Minnesota Starvation Experiment : To study the effects of diet and nutrition , Dr.
Ancel Keys of the University of Minnesota Laboratory of Physiological Hygiene placed 32 conscientious objectors on a controlled diet .
For three months they were given a normal 3 @,@ 200 calories ( 13 @,@ 000 kJ ) diet .
The study then followed the men 's long recovery as they returned to a normal diet and regained the weight lost during the experimentation .
Reforms in the mental health system continued after the war .
The experience of Mennonite COs was instrumental in creating regional mental health facilities in California , Kansas and Maryland .
Poets William Everson and William Stafford were both in CPS camps .
Actor Francis ( Fritz ) William Weaver spent time in the Big Flats ( New York ) CPS Camp number 46 .
Men from the historic peace churches volunteered for relief and reconstruction after their release from CPS .
Mennonite Central Committee redirected its effort from camp administration to relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war .
Civilian Public Service created a precedent for the Alternative Service Program for conscientious objectors in the United States during the Korean and Vietnam Wars .
It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel , the Irish Sea , and St George 's Channel .
Just under 4 @.@ 6 million live in the Republic of Ireland and just over 1 @.@ 8 million live in Northern Ireland .
The island 's geography comprises relatively low @-@ lying mountains surrounding a central plain , with several navigable rivers extending inland .
The island has lush vegetation , a product of its mild but changeable climate which avoids extremes in temperature .
Thick woodlands covered the island until the Middle Ages .
There are twenty @-@ six extant mammal species native to Ireland .
The Irish climate is very moderated and classified as oceanic .
As a result , winters are milder than expected for such a northerly area .
However , summers are cooler than those in Continental Europe .
Rainfall and cloud cover are abundant .
The earliest evidence of human presence in Ireland is dated at 10 @,@ 500 BC .
Gaelic Ireland had emerged by the 1st century AD and lasted until the First World War .
The island was Christianised from the 5th century onward .
Following the Norman invasion in the 12th century , England claimed sovereignty over Ireland .
Irish culture has had a significant influence on other cultures , especially in the fields of literature .
Alongside mainstream Western culture , a strong indigenous culture exists , as expressed through Gaelic games , Irish music , and the Irish language .
Ireland consists of Old Irish Eriu + English land .
Eriu derives from Proto @-@ Celtic * Iveriu ( compare Welsh Iwerddon ) , which is also the source of Latin Hibernia .
Iveriu derives from a root meaning " fat , prosperous " .
Sea levels were lower and Ireland , like Great Britain , formed part of continental Europe .
By 12 @,@ 000 BC , rising sea levels due to ice melting caused Ireland to become separated from Great Britain .
A more advanced agriculture was to develop .
Wheat and barley were the principal crops imported from the Iberian Peninsula .
This contrasts with the traditional view that their origin lies in mainland Europe with the Hallstatt culture .
During the Iron Age , a Celtic language and culture emerged in Ireland .
Today , there is more than one school of thought on how this occurred in Ireland .
The theory holds that there were four separate Celtic invasions of Ireland .
The Priteni were said to be the first , followed by the Belgae from northern Gaul and Britain .
Later , Laighin tribes from Armorica ( present @-@ day Brittany ) were said to have invaded Ireland and Britain more or less simultaneously .
Lastly , the Milesians ( Gaels ) were said to have reached Ireland from either northern Iberia or southern Gaul .
They were said to have given their name to the island .
The earliest written records of Ireland come from classical Greco @-@ Roman geographers .
In his later work , Geography , Ptolemy refers to Ireland as Iouernia and to Great Britain as Albion .
These " new " names were likely to have been the local names for the islands at the time .
The earlier names , in contrast , were likely to have been coined before direct contact with local peoples was made .
The Romans would later refer to Ireland by this name too in its Latinised form , Hibernia , or Scotia .
Ptolemy records sixteen nations inhabiting every part of Ireland in 100 AD .
The relationship between the Roman Empire and the kingdoms of ancient Ireland is unclear .
The High King was said to preside over the provincial kingdoms that together formed Ireland .
All of these kingdoms had their own kings but were at least nominally subject to the High King .
The concept only became a political reality in the Viking Age and even then was not a consistent one .
However , a united kingdom of Gaelic Ireland was never achieved .
The same chronicle records that Saint Patrick , Ireland 's best known patron saint , arrived the following year .
Irish Christian scholars excelled in the study of Latin and Greek learning and Christian theology .
From the 9th century , waves of Viking raiders plundered Irish monasteries and towns .
These raids added to a pattern of raiding and endemic warfare that was already deep @-@ seated in Ireland .
It was led by Richard de Clare , called Strongbow due to his prowess as an archer .
He wanted to re @-@ exert royal authority over the invasion which was expanding beyond his control .
Henry was authorised to impose a tithe of one penny per hearth as an annual contribution .
This church levy , called Peter 's Pence , is extant in Ireland as a voluntary donation .
This defined the Irish state as the Lordship of Ireland .
Norman settlements were characterised by the establishment of baronies , manors , towns and the seeds of the modern county system .
From the mid @-@ 14th century , after the Black Death , Norman settlements in Ireland went into a period of decline .
The Norman rulers and the Gaelic Irish elites intermarried and the areas under Norman rule became Gaelicised .
In some parts , a hybrid Hiberno @-@ Norman culture emerged .
A further 50 @,@ 000 were sent into indentured servitude in the West Indies .
The religious struggles of the 17th century left a deep sectarian division in Ireland .
Religious allegiance now determined the perception in law of loyalty to the Irish King and Parliament .
This completed a comprehensive systemic effort to materially disadvantage Roman Catholics and Protestant Dissenters , while enriching a new ruling class of Anglican conformists .
The new Anglo @-@ Irish ruling class became known as the Protestant Ascendancy .
The winters destroyed stored crops of potatoes and other staples and the poor summers severely damaged harvests .
An estimated 250 @,@ 000 people ( about one in eight of the population ) died from the ensuing pestilence and disease .
The Irish government halted export of corn and kept the army in quarters but did little more .
Local gentry and charitable organisations provided relief but could do little to prevent the ensuing mortality .
In the aftermath of the famine , an increase in industrial production and a surge in trade brought a succession of construction booms .
The population soared in the latter part of this century and the architectural legacy of Georgian Ireland was built .
The British government , however , still retained the right to nominate the government of Ireland without the consent of the Irish parliament .
Despite assistance from France the rebellion was put down by British and Irish government and yeomanry forces .
By the end of the decade , half of all immigration to the United States was from Ireland .
The period of civil unrest that followed until the end of the 19th century is referred to as the Land War .
Mass emigration became deeply entrenched and the population continued to decline until the mid @-@ 20th century .
The population has never returned to this level since .
The 19th and early 20th centuries saw the rise of modern Irish nationalism , primarily among the Roman Catholic population .
The pre @-@ eminent Irish political figure after the Union was Daniel O 'Connell .
Daniel O 'Connell led a subsequent campaign , for the repeal of the Act of Union , which failed .
Later in the century , Charles Stewart Parnell and others campaigned for autonomy within the Union , or " Home Rule " .
Unionists , especially those located in Ulster , were strongly opposed to Home Rule , which they thought would be dominated by Catholic interests .
The Act was passed but with the " temporary " exclusion of the six counties of Ulster that would become Northern Ireland .
Before it could be implemented , however , the Act was suspended for the duration of the First World War .
The Irish Volunteers split into two groups .
A minority , approximately 13 @,@ 000 , retained the Irish Volunteers ' name , and opposed Ireland 's involvement in the war .
Additionally , an oath of allegiance to the King was to be taken .
During its first decade , the newly formed Irish Free State was governed by the victors of the civil war .
This completed a process of gradual separation from the British Empire that governments had pursued since independence .
The Abwehr was also active in Ireland .
To the authorities , counterintelligence was a fundamental line of defence .
This period of growth became known as the Celtic Tiger .
Social changes also occurred in this time , most markedly with the decline in authority of the Catholic Church .
Conscription was not extended to Northern Ireland and roughly an equal number volunteered from Northern Ireland as volunteered from the south .
One , James Joseph Magennis , received the Victoria Cross for valour .
The government 's reaction to confrontations was seen to be one @-@ sided and heavy @-@ handed in favour of unionists .
Law and order broke down as unrest and inter @-@ communal violence increased .
The Northern Ireland government requested the British Army to aid the police , who were exhausted after several nights of serious rioting .
Other groups , on both the unionist side and the nationalist side , participated in violence and a period known as the Troubles began .
Over 3 @,@ 600 deaths resulted over the subsequent three decades of conflict .
The substance of the Agreement ( formally referred to as the Belfast Agreement ) was later endorsed by referendums in both parts of Ireland .
The Executive is jointly headed by a First Minister and deputy First Minister drawn from the unionist and nationalist parties .
They share an open border and both are part of the Common Travel Area .
Its capital is Dublin .
Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom with a local executive and assembly which exercise devolved powers .
Its capital is Belfast .
Northern Ireland elects 18 of the UK House of Commons ' 650 MPs .
The Northern Ireland Secretary is a cabinet @-@ level post in the British government .
The North / South Inter @-@ Parliamentary Association is a joint parliamentary forum for the island of Ireland .
It has no formal powers but operates as a forum for discussing matters of common concern between the respective legislatures .
Below is a comparison of the Regional GDP on the island of Ireland .
Ireland has an ancient industry based on peat ( known locally as " turf " ) as a source of energy for home fires .
A form of biomass energy , this source of heat is still widely used in rural areas .
An area in which the island operates as a single market is electricity .
For much of their existence electricity networks in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland were entirely separate .
Both networks were designed and constructed independently post partition .
The situation in Northern Ireland is complicated by the issue of private companies not supplying Northern Ireland Electricity ( NIE ) with enough power .
Most of Ireland 's gas comes through interconnectors between Twynholm in Scotland and Ballylumford , County Antrim and Loughshinny , County Dublin .
The County Mayo field is facing some localised opposition over a controversial decision to refine the gas onshore .
Large wind farms are being constructed in coastal counties such as Cork , Donegal , Mayo and Antrim .
The ESB 's Turlough Hill facility is the only power @-@ storage facility in the state .
Ireland has a total area of 84 @,@ 421 km2 ( 32 @,@ 595 sq mi ) .
Ireland and Great Britain , together with many nearby smaller islands , are known collectively as the British Isles .
A ring of coastal mountains surround low plains at the centre of the island .
The most arable land lies in the province of Leinster .
Western areas can be mountainous and rocky with green panoramic vistas .
The island 's lush vegetation , a product of its mild climate and frequent rainfall , earns it the sobriquet the Emerald Isle .
Overall , Ireland has a mild but changeable oceanic climate with few extremes .
The climate is typically insular and is temperate avoiding the extremes in temperature of many other areas in the world at similar latitudes .
This is a result of the moderating moist winds which ordinarily prevail from the South @-@ Western Atlantic .
Precipitation falls throughout the year but is light overall , particularly in the east .
The west tends to be wetter on average and prone to Atlantic storms , especially in the late autumn and winter months .
These occasionally bring destructive winds and higher total rainfall to these areas , as well as sometimes snow and hail .
Munster , in the south , records the least snow whereas Ulster , in the north , records the most .
Inland areas are warmer in summer and colder in winter .
The island consists of varied geological provinces .
The west @-@ coast district of the Burren around Lisdoonvarna has well @-@ developed karst features .
Significant stratiform lead @-@ zinc mineralisation is found in the limestones around Silvermines and Tynagh .
A number of other places are on the tentative list , for example the Burren , the Ceide Fields and Mount Stewart .
Historically important monastic sites include Glendalough and Clonmacnoise , which are maintained as national monuments in the Republic of Ireland .
Achill Island lies off the coast of County Mayo and is Ireland 's largest island .
It is a popular tourist destination for surfing and contains 5 Blue Flag beaches and Croaghaun one of the worlds highest sea cliffs .
Some have been converted into hotels , such as Ashford Castle , Castle Leslie and Dromoland Castle .
There are 55 mammal species in Ireland and of them only 26 land mammal species are considered native to Ireland .
Aquatic wildlife , such as species of sea turtle , shark , seal , whale , and dolphin , are common off the coast .
About 400 species of birds have been recorded in Ireland .
Many of these are migratory , including the barn swallow .
There are no snakes in Ireland and only one species of reptile ( the common lizard ) is native to the island .
Extinct species include the Irish elk , the great auk and the wolf .
Until medieval times Ireland was heavily forested with oak , pine and birch .
Much of the land is now covered with pasture and there are many species of wild @-@ flower .
The algal and seaweed flora is that of the cold @-@ temperate variety .
The island has been invaded by some algae , some of which are now well established .
Asparagopsis armara Harvey , which originated in Australia and was first recorded by M.
Because of its mild climate , many species , including sub @-@ tropical species such as palm trees , are grown in Ireland .
Phytogeographically , Ireland belongs to the Atlantic European province of the Circumboreal Region within the Boreal Kingdom .
The island itself can be subdivided into two ecoregions : the Celtic broadleaf forests and North Atlantic moist mixed forests .
A land of green fields for crop cultivation and cattle rearing limits the space available for the establishment of native wild species .
Hedgerows , however , traditionally used for maintaining and demarcating land boundaries , act as a refuge for native wild flora .
This ecosystem stretches across the countryside and acts as a network of connections to preserve remnants of the ecosystem that once covered the island .
Subsidies under the Common Agricultural Policy , which supported agricultural practices that preserved hedgerow environments , are undergoing reforms .
Forest covers about 12 @.@ 6 % of the country , most of it designated for commercial production .
Remnants of native forest can be found scattered around the island , in particular in the Killarney National Park .
Natural areas require fencing to prevent over @-@ grazing by deer and sheep that roam over uncultivated areas .
Grazing in this manner is one of the main factors preventing the natural regeneration of forests across many regions of the country .
People have lived in Ireland for over 9 @,@ 000 years .
The different eras are termed mesolithic , neolithic , Bronze Age , and Iron Age .
Many survived into late medieval times , others vanished as they became politically unimportant .
Ireland 's largest religious group is Christianity .
The largest denomination is Roman Catholicism representing over 73 % for the island ( and about 87 % of the Republic of Ireland ) .
Most of the rest of the population adhere to one of the various Protestant denominations ( about 48 % of Northern Ireland ) .
The largest is the Anglican Church of Ireland .
The island has a small Jewish community .
About 4 % of the Republic 's population and about 14 % of the Northern Ireland population describe themselves as of no religion .
In a system that developed between the 13th and 17th centuries , Ireland has 32 traditional counties .
Twenty @-@ six of these counties are in the Republic of Ireland and six are in Northern Ireland .
The six counties that constitute Northern Ireland are all in the province of Ulster ( which has nine counties in total ) .
As such , Ulster is often used as a synonym for Northern Ireland , although the two are not coterminous .
In the Republic of Ireland , counties form the basis of the system of local government .
Counties Dublin , Cork , Limerick , Galway , Waterford and Tipperary have been broken up into smaller administrative areas .
City status in Ireland is decided by legislative or royal charter .
Dublin , with over 1 million residents in the Greater Dublin Area , is the largest city on the island .
Belfast , with 579 @,@ 726 residents , is the largest city in Northern Ireland .
City status does not directly equate with population size .
The population of Ireland collapsed dramatically during the second half of the 19th century .
With growing prosperity since the last decade of the 20th century , Ireland became a destination for immigrants .
There has also been significant immigration from Lithuania , the Czech Republic and Latvia .
Up to 50 @,@ 000 eastern and central European migrant workers left Ireland in response to the Irish financial crisis .
Two main languages are spoken in Ireland : Irish and English .
Both languages have widely contributed to literature .
It remained the dominant language of Ireland for most of those periods , having influences from Latin , Old Norse , French and English .
Gaeltacht or Irish @-@ speaking areas are still seeing a decline in the language .
English was first introduced to Ireland in the Norman invasion .
It was introduced as the official language with the Tudor and Cromwellian conquests .
Language shift during the 19th century replaced Irish with English as the first language for a vast majority of the population .
This combination of cultural influences is visible in the intricate designs termed Irish interlace or Celtic knotwork .
These can be seen in the ornamentation of medieval religious and secular works .
Ireland 's pre @-@ Christian heritage fused with the Celtic Church following the missions of Saint Patrick in the 5th century .
Ireland has made a large contribution to world literature in all its branches , particularly in the English language .
Poetry in Irish is among the oldest vernacular poetry in Europe , with the earliest examples dating from the 6th century .
Although not a Nobel Prize winner , James Joyce is widely considered to be one of the most significant writers of the 20th century .
Modern Irish literature is often connected with its rural heritage through writers such as John McGahern and poets such as Seamus Heaney .
Music has been in evidence in Ireland since prehistoric times .
Vocal and instrumental music ( e.g.
In the 19th century , public concerts provided access to classical music to all classes of society .
Contemporary Irish visual artists of note include Sean Scully , Kevin Abosch , and Alice Maher .
The Irish philosopher and theologian Johannes Scotus Eriugena was considered one of the leading intellectuals of his early Middle Ages .
Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton , an Irish explorer , was one of the principal figures of Antarctic exploration .
Robert Boyle was a 17th @-@ century natural philosopher , chemist , physicist , inventor and early gentleman scientist .
He is largely regarded one of the founders of modern chemistry and is best known for the formulation of Boyle 's law .
William Thomson , or Lord Kelvin , is the person whom the absolute temperature unit , the Kelvin , is named after .
Notable mathematicians include Sir William Rowan Hamilton , famous for work in classical mechanics and the invention of quaternions .
John Lighton Synge made progress in different fields of science , including mechanics and geometrical methods in general relativity .
He had mathematician John Nash as one of his students .
The island of Ireland fields a single international team in most sports .
Soccer is the most widely played team game on the island , and the most popular in Northern Ireland .
The sport is also the most notable exception where the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland field separate international teams .
Northern Ireland has produced two World Snooker Champions .
Gaelic football , hurling and handball are the best @-@ known of the Irish traditional sports , collectively known as Gaelic games .
The headquarters of the GAA ( and the main stadium ) is located at the 82 @,@ 500 capacity Croke Park in north Dublin .
The Irish Football Association ( IFA ) was originally the governing body for soccer across the island .
It was most popular , especially in its first decades , around Belfast and in Ulster .
Today the southern association is known as the Football Association of Ireland ( FAI ) .
Both also referred to their respective teams as Ireland .
Across Ireland , there is significant interest in the English and , to a lesser extent , Scottish soccer leagues .
The Irish rugby team have played in every Rugby World Cup , making the quarter @-@ finals in four of them .
In addition to this , the Irish International side has had increased success in the Six Nations Championship against the other European elite sides .
Horse racing and greyhound racing are both popular in Ireland .
There are frequent horse race meetings and greyhound stadiums are well @-@ attended .
The island is noted for the breeding and training of race horses and is also a large exporter of racing dogs .
The horse racing sector is largely concentrated in the County Kildare .
Ireland has won more medals in boxing than in any other Olympic sport .
Boxing is governed by the Irish Amateur Boxing Association .
Golf is very popular and golf tourism is a major industry attracting more than 240 @,@ 000 golfing visitors annually .
Harrington became the first European to win the PGA Championship in 78 years and was the first winner from Ireland .
Three golfers from Northern Ireland have been particularly successful .
Donegal Bay is shaped like a funnel and catches west / south @-@ west Atlantic winds , creating good surf , especially in winter .
Scuba diving is increasingly popular in Ireland with clear waters and large populations of sea life , particularly along the western seaboard .
The temperate Irish climate is suited to sport angling .
Coarse fishing continues to increase its profile .
Sea angling is developed with many beaches mapped and signposted , and the range of sea angling species is around 80 .
Thus herders would avoid slaughtering a milk @-@ producing cow .
All of these influences can be seen today in the phenomenon of the " breakfast roll " .
The introduction of the potato in the second half of the 16th century heavily influenced cuisine thereafter .
The potato remains however a fundamental feature of this cuisine and the Irish remain the highest per capita consumers of potatoes in Europe .
An example of this new cuisine is " Dublin Lawyer " : lobster cooked in whiskey and cream .
Typically CNBC states Irish whiskey is not as smoky as a Scotch whisky , but not as sweet as American or Canadian whiskies .
Porter remains very popular , although it has lost sales since the mid @-@ 20th century to lager .
Cider , particularly Magners ( marketed in the Republic of Ireland as Bulmers ) , is also a popular drink .
Red lemonade , a soft @-@ drink , is consumed on its own and as a mixer , particularly with whiskey .
A force of commandos landed to destroy machinery and other structures .
They were forced to surrender when their ammunition was expended and they were surrounded .
After the raid 228 men of the force of 611 returned to Britain ; 169 were killed and 215 became prisoners of war .
German casualties were over 360 dead , some killed after the raid when Campbeltown exploded .
To recognise their bravery , 89 decorations were awarded to members of the raiding party , including five Victoria Crosses .
St Nazaire is on the north bank of the Loire 400 km ( 250 miles ) from the nearest British port .
The St Nazaire port has an outer harbour known as the Avant Port , formed by two piers jutting out into the Atlantic Ocean .
This leads to two lock gates before the Bassin de St Nazaire .
These gates control the water level in the basin so that it is not affected by the tide .
There is also an old entrance to the Bassin de St Nazaire located southwest of the Normandie dry dock .
Hood was sunk and the damaged Prince of Wales was forced to retire .
She was intercepted by the British and sunk en route .
Planners from Combined Operations Headquarters were looking at potential scenarios if Tirpitz escaped the naval blockade and reached the Atlantic .
Combined Operations examined a number of options while planning the destruction of the dock .
At this stage of the war the British government still tried to avoid civilian casualties .
The Special Operations Executive were approached to see if its agents could destroy the dock gates .
They decided that the mission was beyond their capabilities because the weight of explosives required would have needed too many agents to carry them .
Any naval ships large enough to cause sufficient damage would be detected well before they were within range .
The planners then examined whether a commando force was feasible to accomplish the task .
The initial Combined Operations plan required two specially lightened destroyers to carry out the raid .
The first would be packed with explosives and rammed into the dock gates .
Commandos on board would then disembark and use demolition charges to destroy nearby dock installations , searchlights and gun emplacements .
The destroyer would then be blown up , and the second ship would come in and evacuate the ship 's crew and the commandos .
At the same time the RAF would carry out a number of diversionary air raids in the area .
When the plan was presented to the Admiralty they refused to support it .
The certain loss of one or both destroyers to eliminate the dry dock was out of the question .
Using a French ship would involve using the Free French forces and increase the number of people aware of the raid .
Consequently , it was decided the navy would have to provide a ship of their own .
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill further complicated matters when he ordered that bombing should only take place if targets were clearly identified .
Combined Operations Headquarters worked closely with several intelligence organisations to plan the raid .
The Naval Intelligence Division compiled information from a variety of sources .
Intelligence about the dock itself came from pre @-@ war technical journals .
The commandos and crew from Campbeltown would board the motor launches at the Old Mole jetty and then return to base .
The revised Combined Operations plan required one destroyer to ram the dock gates and a number of smaller craft to transport the Commandos .
The ship selected to ram into the dock gates was HMS Campbeltown , commanded by Lieutenant Commander Stephen Halden Beattie .
Campbeltown was a First World War destroyer and had previously been the USS Buchanan in the United States Navy .
Converting Campbeltown for the raid took ten days .
She had to be lightened to raise her draught to get over the sand banks in the estuary .
This was achieved by completely stripping all her internal compartments .
Eight 20 mm Oerlikons were installed on mountings raised above deck level .
Two of her four funnels were removed , and the forward two were cut at an angle to resemble those of a German destroyer .
The bow was packed with 4 @.@ 5 tons of high explosives , which were set in concrete .
It was decided that the explosive charge would be timed to detonate after the raiders had left the harbour .
To prevent the Germans towing her away , the crew would open the ship 's seacocks before abandoning the ship .
The charge would be reset to explode after the last boat had left .
If the gates were closed she would instead torpedo the gates at the old entrance into the St Nazaire basin .
To assist in transporting the Commandos , 12 motor launches ( ML ) were assigned from the 20th and 28th Motor Launch flotillas .
These boats were re @-@ armed with two Oerlikon 20 mm guns mounted forward and aft to complement their twin Lewis guns .
At the last minute another four MLs were assigned from the 7th Motor Launch flotilla ( see Footnotes for flotilla details ) .
These four boats were also armed with two torpedoes each .
Instead of transporting the Commandos , these boats were to engage any German shipping found in the estuary .
All the MLs had a 500 @-@ gallon auxiliary fuel tank fixed to the upper deck to increase their range .
The man selected to lead the Commando force was Lieutenant Colonel Charles Newman ; his No.
The Commandos were divided into three groups ; One and Two would travel in the MLs , while Three would be in Campbeltown .
The capture of the mole was a major objective , as it was to be the embarkation point for the evacuation after the mission .
Group Two , under the command of Captain Burn , would land at the old entrance to the St Nazaire basin .
Group Three was under the command of Major William ' Bill ' Copland , who was also the Commandos ' second in command .
All three groups were subdivided into assault , demolition and protection teams .
The assault teams would clear the way for the other two .
The Germans had around 5 @,@ 000 troops in the immediate area of St Nazaire .
The brigade was equipped with 43 anti @-@ aircraft guns ranging in calibre from 20 to 40 mm .
These guns had a dual role as both anti @-@ aircraft and coastal defence weapons .
Many were in concrete emplacements on top of the submarine pens and other dockside installations of the St Nazaire submarine base .
The harbour defence companies were responsible for local defence and for the security of the ships and submarines moored in the harbour .
The 333rd Infantry Division was the German Army unit responsible for the defence of the coast between St Nazaire and Lorient .
It is not known how many submarines were present on the day of the raid .
He asked what would they do if the base was subject to an attack by British Commandos .
Sohler replied that " an attack on the base would be hazardous and highly improbable " .
They formed into a convoy of three lanes , with the destroyers in the middle .
Not having the range to reach St Nazaire unaided , the MTB and MGB were taken under tow by Campbeltown and Atherstone .
On 27 March at 07 : 20 Tynedale reported a U @-@ boat on the surface and opened fire .
The two escort destroyers left the convoy to engage the U @-@ boat , later identified as U @-@ 593 .
The U @-@ boat promptly dived and was unsuccessfully attacked by depth charges .
The two destroyers returned to the convoy at 09 : 00 .
The convoy next encountered two French fishing trawlers .
Both crews were taken off and the ships sunk for fear they might report the composition and location of the convoy .
The convoy adopted a new formation with the MGB and two torpedo MLs in the lead , followed by Campbeltown .
The rest of the MLs formed two columns on either side and astern of the destroyer , with the MTB bringing up the rear .
The first casualty of the raid was ML 341 , which had developed engine trouble and was abandoned .
At 22 : 00 the submarine Sturgeon directed her navigation beacon out to sea to guide the convoy in .
At 23 : 30 on 27 March , five RAF squadrons ( comprising 35 Whitleys and 27 Wellingtons ) started their bombing runs .
They had orders to only bomb clearly identified military targets and to drop only one bomb at a time .
Six aircraft managed to bomb other nearby targets .
At 00 : 00 on 28 March , he issued a warning that there might be a parachute landing in progress .
Everyone was placed on a heightened state of alert .
The harbour defence companies and ships ' crews were ordered out of the air raid shelters .
Each time she was able to pull free , and the group proceeded on up toward the harbour in darkness .
A naval signal light demanded their identification .
The deception gave them a little more time before every German gun in the bay opened fire .
The intensity of the German fire seemed to increase .
The guard ship opened fire and was quickly silenced when the ships in the convoy responded , shooting into her as they passed .
By now all the ships in the convoy were within range to engage targets ashore and were firing at the gun emplacements and searchlights .
Campbeltown was hit a number of times and increased her speed to 19 kn ( 35 km / h ) .
The helmsman on her bridge was killed ; his replacement was wounded and replaced as well .
Blinded by the searchlights , Beattie knew they were close to their objective .
The force of the impact drove the ship 33 feet ( 10 m ) onto the gates .
The Commandos on Campbeltown now disembarked : two assault teams , five demolition teams with their protectors and a mortar group .
Three demolition teams were tasked with destroying the dock pumping machinery and other installations associated with the dry dock .
Bob Montgomery and Lt Corran Purdon and their demolition teams to exit the area .
They lost 4 men in this action .
The fifth team also succeeded in completing all their objectives but almost half its men were killed .
The other two Commando groups were not as successful .
The MLs transporting Groups One and Two had almost all been destroyed on their approach .
That team succeeded in planting charges on two tugboats moored in the basin .
By this time the crew of Campbeltown had detonated the scuttling charges and gathered at the rear of the ship to be taken off .
ML 177 came alongside the destroyer and took 30 men on board including Beattie and some of the wounded .
Lt Col Newman aboard the MGB , need not have landed , but he was one of the first ashore .
He next directed machine @-@ gun fire onto an armed trawler , which was forced to withdraw upriver .
Newman organised a defence that succeeded in keeping the increasing numbers of German reinforcements at bay until the demolition parties had completed their tasks .
Some 100 Commandos were still ashore when Newman realised that evacuation by sea was no longer an option .
Not to surrender at all if we can help it .
Newman and Copland led the charge from the old town across a bridge raked by machine gun fire and advanced into the new town .
The Commandos attempted to get through the narrow streets of the town and into the surrounding countryside , but were eventually surrounded .
When their ammunition was expended their only option was to surrender .
Not all the Commandos were captured ; five men reached neutral Spain , from where they eventually returned to England .
Most of the MLs had been destroyed on the run in and were burning .
Some starboard boats managed to reach their objective and disembark their Commandos .
The rest of the port column had been destroyed or disabled before reaching the mole .
MLs 192 and 262 were set on fire ; there were only six survivors .
ML 268 was blown up ; one man survived .
Soon after passing Campbeltown it was hit and its steering damaged .
It took ten minutes to repair the steering .
They turned and started in the other direction , opening fire on an armed trawler in passing .
Return fire from the trawler set their engine on fire .
ML 306 also came under heavy fire when it arrived near the port .
Sergeant Thomas Durrant of No.
He was wounded but refused to leave the gun for treatment .
The ML reached the open sea but was attacked at short range by the German torpedo boat Jaguar .
Durrant returned fire , aiming for the torpedo boat 's bridge .
He was wounded again but remained at his gun even after the German commander asked for their surrender .
Firing drum after drum of ammunition , he refused to give up until after the ML had been boarded .
Durrant died of his wounds and , after the recommendation of the Jaguar 's commander , was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross .
After the Commando headquarters group had landed , Commander Ryder went to check for himself that Campbeltown was firmly stuck in the dock .
Some of her surviving crewmen were being taken on board the MGB .
After a successful torpedo attack , Ryder ordered the MTB to leave .
On their way out of the estuary they stopped to collect survivors from a sinking ML and were hit and set on fire .
Back at the docks the MGB had positioned itself in mid @-@ river to engage enemy gun emplacements .
The forward 2 pounder was manned by Able Seaman William Alfred Savage .
There was an appreciable slackening in the enemy 's fire .
Ryder could see no ships other than seven or eight burning MLs .
He then realised that the landing places at the Old Mole and the entrance to the basin had both been recaptured by the Germans .
There was nothing more they could do for the Commandos , so they headed out to sea .
On their way they were continuously illuminated by German searchlights and were hit at least six times by the German guns .
Passing ML 270 , they ordered her to follow and made smoke to hide both boats .
He was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross for his exploits .
At 06 : 30 the five German torpedo boats that the convoy had evaded the previous day were sighted by HMS Atherstone and Tynedale .
The two destroyers turned toward them and opened fire at a range of 7 miles ( 11 km ) .
After ten minutes the German boats turned away , making smoke .
The destroyers sighted the MGB and two accompanying MLs soon after and transferred their casualties to the Atherstone .
Not expecting any more boats to arrive , they headed for home .
Shortly after this the ships were spotted by a Heinkel 115 floatplane of the Luftwaffe .
Both machines crashed into the sea .
Other German planes arrived but were driven off by Beaufighters and Hudsons from Coastal Command .
The Atlantic weather conditions deteriorated .
Three of the small vessels managed to return to England : MLs 160 , 307 and 443 .
They had reached the rendezvous and waited until 10 : 00 for the destroyers to appear .
The ships opened fire and hit the Junkers in the cockpit .
The plane went into the sea .
The surviving MLs eventually reached England unaided the following day .
A party of 40 senior German officers and civilians who were on a tour of Campbeltown were killed .
In total , the explosion killed about 360 men .
As the morning progressed , more and more captured comrades joined him in the German HQ .
The day after the explosion , Organisation Todt workers were assigned to clean up the debris and wreckage .
This raised alarms among the Germans .
The Organisation Todt workers ran away from the dock area .
German guards , mistaking their khaki uniforms for British uniforms , opened fire , killing some of them .
The explosion put the dry dock out of commission for the remainder of the war .
The St Nazaire raid had been a success , but at a cost .
Of the 622 men of the Royal Navy and Commandos who took part in the raid , only 228 men returned to England .
Five commandos escaped via neutral Spain and Gibraltar with the help of French citizens , and took a ship to England from Gibraltar .
They were first taken to La Baule and then sent to Stalag 133 at Rennes .
The fallen British raiders were buried at the La Baule @-@ Escoublac cemetery with military honours .
The cemetery is located 13 kilometres west of St Nazaire .
To recognise their achievement , 89 decorations were awarded for the raid .
Four Distinguished Service Orders were awarded to Major William Copland , Captain Donald Roy , Lieutenant T Boyd and Lieutenant T D L Platt .
Four men were awarded the Croix de guerre by France , and another 51 were mentioned in despatches .
Adolf Hitler was furious that the British had been able to sail a flotilla of ships up the Loire unhindered .
His immediate reaction was to dismiss Generaloberst Carl Hilpert , chief @-@ of @-@ staff to the Commander in Chief West .
The raid refocused German attention on the Atlantic Wall , and special attention was given to ports to prevent any repeat of the raid .
The battleship Tirpitz never entered the Atlantic .
St Nazaire was one of the 38 battle honours presented to the Commandos after the war .
The raid has since been called The Greatest Raid of All .
The survivors formed their own association , the St Nazaire Society , which is a registered charity in the United Kingdom .
Titled " Commando Do or Die !
A mission in the video game Enemy Front re @-@ enacts the mission from the first person perspective of a British Commando .
Its central character is the streetwise magician John Constantine , who was created by Alan Moore and Stephen R.
Hellblazer was one of the first modern occult detective fiction works and heavily influenced the genre to come .
Initial writer Jamie Delano was , in his own words , " fairly ambivalent " about the change of title .
The initial creative team was writer Jamie Delano and artist John Ridgway , with Dave McKean supplying distinctive painted and collage covers .
Delano introduced a political aspect to the character , about which he stated : " ...
That was where I was living , it was shit , and I wanted to tell everybody .
Hellblazer was set in a contemporary world , albeit a world of magic and supernatural conflict behind the scenes .
He usually triumphed through guile , deceit , and misdirection , but often made more enemies in the process than he defeated .
Indeed , it was a common theme in the book that Constantine was unable to effect any lasting change or enjoy unequivocal victories .
He took pains to protect himself from direct attacks , but his friends and relatives were often endangered in order to strike at him .
The spirits of deceased friends haunted him , individually or as an entourage of ghosts .
He was a recurring supporting character in both Swamp Thing and The Books of Magic throughout their numerous incarnations .
Having previously worked on D.R.
There were five main storylines in the run .
It also contains a crossover with Swamp Thing , where Constantine loses his body while the Swamp Thing uses it to procreate .
Jamie Delano returned to the title on several occasions .
He proceeded to write the longest run for any writer on the title .
His take on the title was more personal than Jamie Delano 's , with John 's relationships coming to the fore .
In the course of trying to save himself , he visits Ireland , where he becomes reacquainted with Kit Ryan , an old friend .
One minor story in this arc ( issue # 51 ) was written by guest writer John Smith .
Following this , John is defeated , and lives homeless on the streets , drinking to forget his life .
He is accompanied by the spirit of JFK , who has to hold his brain in place from his infamous wound .
He eventually learns how to escape , shortly before running into the First of the Fallen , in the guise of Abraham Lincoln .
John 's eventual Pyrrhic victory leaves this run with closure , and a relatively clean slate for a new writer to take over .
He had been former editor of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and other Mirage Studios lines .
His four @-@ year run is the longest run to remain uncollected .
The landmark hundredth issue gave more detail on John Constantine 's father , and the abusive relationship that they had shared .
However , it is unclear as to whether this is happening in reality , or in his mind as John convalesces in a coma .
There are also appearances by writers and artists , including series creator Alan Moore , Garth Ennis , and Jenkins himself .
John eventually saves himself , through a literal deus ex machina , in a campfire conversation with God .
However , at that time Rich and his family finally sever their friendship with John , and the latter ends the run alone .
Paul Jenkins later returned for one of the five stories in issue # 250 .
The remainder of Ellis ' brief tenure was taken up with single issue stories , collected as " Setting Sun " .
Manor , a thinly @-@ veiled pastiche of Batman .
Brian Azzarello did return for one of the five stories in issue # 250 .
Mike Carey also has the honour of being the first Liverpudlian to write the Liverpudlian character .
His was the second longest run by any single author on the title , second only to Garth Ennis .
John eventually locates the item , and finds Gemma , freeing her from his old enemy Josh Wright .
In the process John loses his memory , setting up the events leading up to the 200th issue .
John then travels into Hell to try to rescue her soul , with the assistance of Rosacarnis ' father , Nergal .
The plan ultimately fails , and John returns broken , and intending to renounce magic .
Her run on the title took John to Scotland , to attempt to stop a plot to make everybody empathise with each other .
The soldiers keenly listen to a World Cup match between England and Portugal on the radio .
When England loses the match , it seems all is lost , but the expected psychic riot fails to materialize .
Constantine 's attempt to play them off one another only succeeds in making them join forces in a further plot .
Constantine then traps them both with considerable ease , and questions how this has been so easy .
His run implemented several major changes , including John Constantine 's wedding and the loss of his thumb .
In a rare change , Milligan 's run on the title starts with John living in domestic bliss with a nurse , Phoebe .
Following this , he realised that he was in love with Epiphany , and married her in the 275th issue .
During the time the coat was missing , John 's magical abilities had begun to go out of control .
John eventually resolves this , and he was re @-@ united with his coat .
In order to get his sister to leave Hell , John agreed to track down her son , his adopted nephew , in Ireland .
Having lived a good and adventurous life , he happily accepts his fate rather than trying to fight it like he always does .
When the last day came , Constantine was ambushed and shot in his own home right in front of a horrified Epiphany .
After he died , Epiphany and Finn had an affair as a way to comfort each other .
Then , of course , he did .
That didn 't last long , though , as John realized he can never run from his past .
So John left Epiphany in Ireland and returned to England to confront Gemma .
Gemma shot the dart at him , but John disappeared .
Milligan wrote eight issues of Justice League Dark , with writer Jeff Lemire taking over on issue nine .
Hellblazer mixes supernatural and real life horror , akin to contemporary gothic , with noire , surrealism and occult detective fiction elements .
Because of this , writers of the series often places their era 's culture and social commentary in their run .
The most controversial writer , Brian Azzarello , tackled issues such as Neo @-@ Nazism , prison rape and homosexuality .
During Warren Ellis ' run , he included American school shootings in a one @-@ shot issue which led to a major controversy .
As such , much of Hellblazer 's horror often comes in the crisis and controversies of its time .
In many story arcs every victory Constantine makes has a negative side effect and often leads to tragedy .
John tries his best to make something good in his life , but most of it leading to failure .
Over the two decades that it had been published , Hellblazer had normally been quite well received .
Delano 's Original Sins graphic novel should be in every comic book fan 's collection .
The popularity of Ennis and Dillon 's run on Hellblazer is also credited for Vertigo agreeing to publish their seminal series Preacher .
Empire Magazine called Dangerous Habits storyline as " rightly one of the most celebrated in comic book history .
The character received positive critical reception while starring in the series .
The comic book 's initial cancellation , and the introduction of the character to DC led to many negative feedback and reception .
The new Constantine series will return him back to his roots in the DCU and hopefully be the start of another incredible run .
Hellblazer boosted the popularity and image of the occult detective fiction genre and shaped it to its modern form .
Its elements and style have been used countless of times in other works and many analogues of the cynical John Constantine have appeared .
The dramatization consists of the John Constantine character wandering through London and , in the film ending , experiencing a mystical epiphany of sorts .
He stated : " I 'd love to do it ...
We want to do a hard , R @-@ rated version of it .
A few weeks later it was announced that Neil Marshall would be directing the pilot .
The series will follow Constantine in his early years , defending humanity against dark forces from beyond .
THQ released a video game film tie @-@ in of the film entitled Constantine .
Fantasy fiction author John Shirley is credited in making three Hellblazer novels , including the novelisation of the Constantine film .
Most recently manager of Hull United , Woodhouse played football as a central midfielder , and competed as a light @-@ welterweight boxer .
He is the former British light @-@ welterweight champion .
His career in the Football League spanned across nine seasons , earning four caps for the England under @-@ 21 football team .
Woodhouse 's professional boxing record stands at 29 fights 22 wins , 13 of which are by knock @-@ out , and 7 defeats .
He started his footballing career with York City 's centre of excellence before joining Sheffield United .
After leaving them , he moved to Harrogate Town .
Woodhouse holds the record for being the club 's youngest ever captain , aged 19 .
Woodhouse played in both semi @-@ final matches .
This time , Woodhouse did not play in any of the play @-@ off matches .
Grimsby Town and Brighton & Hove Albion were also reportedly interested in signing the midfielder .
During his loan spell at Rotherham , he turned out 11 times in the First Division .
He went on to captain the side , and was later described as " Captain Marvel " by manager , Barry Fry .
Peterborough finished 18th in the Second Division , two points from relegation , with Woodhouse being named as Peterborough 's player of the season .
Peterborough suffered relegation , after finishing 23rd in the league .
I 'm very happy here .
He made 16 appearances in League Two , helping them to finish fourth place , reaching the play @-@ offs .
Woodhouse gave away a penalty in the 70th minute that was saved by goalkeeper Steve Mildenhall .
Woodhouse had a history of theft , robbery and affray , and said that he had " fallen out of love " with football .
He admitted to have been involved in around 100 street fights .
He said ; " Boxing has always been my first love , even as a kid " , and " I love fighting ...
Rather than get locked up for it , I might as well get paid for it .
The former footballer had lost two stone in weight since his playing days with Grimsby Town .
He made five appearances in the Conference National for Rushden , before deciding to leave to concentrate on his boxing career .
On 1 May , he signed a new two @-@ year deal with Rushden & Diamonds .
Murray managed to beat the standing eight count , but the referee deemed him unable to continue after 1 minute and 23 seconds .
He was later appointed as team captain for his final season at the club .
He was sent off again in the home game against Histon on 25 August , after receiving two yellow cards .
In his eighth boxing match , Woodhouse defeated Jimmy Beech on points on 20 September .
Woodhouse made his debut for Mansfield Town on 24 January in a Conference National match against Lewes .
Matt Scriven was Woodhouse 's next opponent in the ring on 29 March at Bramall Lane .
The fight went the distance of six rounds and Woodhouse was given the decision over Scriven .
His first professional loss as a boxer was on 25 April at Ulster Hall , in Belfast at the hands of Jay Morris .
Mansfield manager David Holdsworth hoped Woodhouse would stay at the club , but on 18 June , he joined Conference North team Harrogate Town .
On 27 November , he defeated Dean Hickman by TKO in round 6 .
This was Woodhouse 's first fight in the light @-@ welterweight division , having dropped down from welterweight .
He commented " If they are looking for a central midfielder , though , they are welcome to give me a call " .
Harrogate released him by mutual consent on 25 February .
Three days later he avenged his defeat by Jay Morris by beating him with a TKO in round 3 .
This gave Woodhouse the first title of his boxing career , the International Masters light @-@ welterweight title .
Next , on 2 July , Woodhouse knocked out veteran Stefy Bull in round 9 .
Woodhouse was born in Beverley and raised in Driffield .
His father , Bernard Woodhouse , died at the age of 51 after he had a fatal stroke .
Unlike other boys who idolised footballers , Woodhouse stated his heroes were Nigel Benn and Mike Tyson .
He has a wife , Charlotte , and two children : a son named Kyle and a daughter , Isla .
By 24 January , at least 52 aftershocks measuring 4 @.@ 5 or greater had been recorded .
An estimated three million people were affected by the quake .
The government of Haiti estimated that 250 @,@ 000 residences and 30 @,@ 000 commercial buildings had collapsed or were severely damaged .
The earthquake caused major damage in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince , Jacmel and other settlements in the region .
Among those killed were Archbishop of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince Joseph Serge Miot , and opposition leader Micha Gaillard .
Many countries responded to appeals for humanitarian aid , pledging funds and dispatching rescue and medical teams , engineers and support personnel .
Port @-@ au @-@ Prince 's morgues were overwhelmed with tens of thousands of bodies .
These had to be buried in mass graves .
As rescues tailed off , supplies , medical care and sanitation became priorities .
Delays in aid distribution led to angry appeals from aid workers and survivors , and looting and sporadic violence were observed .
The island of Hispaniola , shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic , is seismically active and has a history of destructive earthquakes .
Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , and is ranked 149th of 182 countries on the Human Development Index .
Haiti is no stranger to natural disasters .
In addition to earthquakes , it has been struck frequently by tropical cyclones , which have caused flooding and widespread damage .
Shaking damage was more severe than for other quakes of similar magnitude due to the shallow depth of the quake .
A UN representative reported that the aftershock collapsed seven buildings in the town .
Further casualties are thought to have been minimal since people had been sleeping in the open .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning immediately after the initial quake , but quickly cancelled it .
At least three people were swept out to sea by the wave and were reported dead .
This included all hospitals in the capital ; air , sea , and land transport facilities ; and communication systems .
Michel District Hospital in the southern town of Jacmel , which was the largest referral hospital in south @-@ east Haiti .
The quake seriously damaged the control tower at Toussaint L 'Ouverture International Airport .
Roads were blocked with road debris or the surfaces broken .
They promise rapid response .
To be honest , I don 't know why it hasn 't been done .
I can only think that their priority must be somewhere else .
There was considerable damage to communications infrastructure .
Fibre @-@ optic connectivity was also disrupted .
The Prison Civile de Port @-@ au @-@ Prince was also destroyed , allowing around 4 @,@ 000 inmates to escape .
Minister of Education Joel Jean @-@ Pierre stated that the education system had " totally collapsed " .
About half the nation 's schools and the three main universities in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince were affected .
More than 1 @,@ 300 schools and 50 health care facilities were destroyed .
The earthquake also destroyed a nursing school in the capital and severely damaged the country 's primary midwifery school .
The headquarters of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) at Christopher Hotel and offices of the World Bank were destroyed .
The building housing the offices of Citibank in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince collapsed , killing five employees .
The clothing industry , which accounts for two @-@ thirds of Haiti 's exports , reported structural damage at manufacturing facilities .
Construction standards are low in Haiti ; the country has no building codes .
Engineers have stated that it is unlikely many buildings would have stood through any kind of disaster .
Structures are often raised wherever they can fit ; some buildings were built on slopes with insufficient foundations or steel supports .
A representative of Catholic Relief Services has estimated that about two million Haitians lived as squatters on land they did not own .
The country also suffered from shortages of fuel and potable water even before the disaster .
Some high @-@ ranking government workers lost family members , or had to tend to wounded relatives .
Almost immediately Port @-@ au @-@ Prince 's morgue facilities were overwhelmed .
By 14 January , a thousand bodies had been placed on the streets and pavements .
Government crews manned trucks to collect thousands more , burying them in mass graves .
In the heat and humidity , corpses buried in rubble began to decompose and smell .
Mati Goldstein , head of the Israeli ZAKA International Rescue Unit delegation to Haiti , described the situation as " Shabbat from hell .
Everywhere , the acrid smell of bodies hangs in the air .
It is beyond comprehension .
Mayor Jean @-@ Yves Jason said that officials argued for hours about what to do with the volume of corpses .
Max Beauvoir , a Vodou priest , protested the lack of dignity in mass burials , stating , " ...
Some began reporting having expended stocks of critical medical supplies such as antibiotics by 17 January .
A local governor stated , " We have a great desire and we will do everything humanly possible to help Haitian families .
But we have our limitations with respect to food and medicine .
We need the helping hand of other countries in the area .
Slow distribution of resources in the days after the earthquake resulted in sporadic violence , with looting reported .
There were also accounts of looters wounded or killed by vigilantes and neighbourhoods that had constructed their own roadblock barricades .
During the days following the earthquake , hundreds were seen marching through the streets in peaceful processions , singing and clapping .
The earthquake caused an urgent need for outside rescuers to communicate with Haitians whose main or only language is Haitian Creole .
As a result , a mobile translation program to translate between English and Haitian Creole had to be written quickly .
The earthquake struck in the most populated area of the country .
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies estimated that as many as 3 million people had been affected by the quake .
A US State Department spokesperson said the report had inconsistencies and would not be released until they were resolved .
Images and testimonials circulating after the earthquake across the internet and through social media helped to intensify the reaction of global engagement .
Many countries responded to the appeals and launched fund @-@ raising efforts , as well as sending search and rescue teams .
The neighbouring Dominican Republic was the first country to give aid to Haiti , sending water , food and heavy @-@ lifting machinery .
The Dominican Red Cross coordinated early medical relief in conjunction with the International Red Cross .
The government sent eight mobile medical units along with 36 doctors including orthopaedic specialists , traumatologists , anaesthetists , and surgeons .
Other nations from farther afield also sent personnel , medicines , materiel , and other aid to Haiti .
A 50 @-@ member Chinese team arrived early Thursday morning .
It was set up in eight hours and began operations on the evening of 16 January .
The American Red Cross announced on 13 January that it had run out of supplies in Haiti and appealed for public donations .
Giving Children Hope worked to get much @-@ needed medicines and supplies on the ground .
MINUSTAH had over 9 @,@ 000 uniformed peacekeepers deployed to the area .
Most of these workers were initially involved in the search for survivors at the organization 's collapsed headquarters .
Members of social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook spread messages and pleas to send help .
Some online poker sites hosted poker tournaments with tournament fees , prizes or both going to disaster relief charities .
Google Earth updated its coverage of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince on 17 January , showing the earthquake @-@ ravaged city .
Several orphanages were destroyed in the earthquake .
Other rescue units had to withdraw as night fell amid security fears .
Ophelia Dahl , director of Partners in Health , reported , " there are hundreds of thousands of injured people .
I have heard the estimate that as many as 20 @,@ 000 people will die each day that would have been saved by surgery .
Four other MSF aircraft were also turned away .
In a 19 January press release MSF said , " It is like working in a war situation .
We don 't have any more morphine to manage pain for our patients .
We cannot accept that planes carrying lifesaving medical supplies and equipment continue to be turned away while our patients die .
Priority must be given to medical supplies entering the country .
The airport was able to support 100 landings a day , up from the 35 a day that the airport gets during normal operation .
According to a US Air Force Captain who had coordinated flight schedules , nearly all groups sending aid insisted their shipment was urgent .
Those flights that were rejected were diverted to the Dominican Republic , where their cargoes were unloaded and taken to Haiti by land .
At the peak of the relief efforts , the airport was in a state of chaos .
Normally , the airport , with a single runway and 10 spaces for large planes , handled 20 flights a day .
After the earthquake struck , hundreds of planes rushed to Haiti without designated landing time .
On average , a plane would land or take off every two minutes .
Airport congestion was reduced further on 18 January when the United Nations and US forces formally agreed to prioritise humanitarian flights over security reinforcement .
Another large French vessel was later ordered to Haiti , the amphibious transport dock Siroco .
International rescue efforts were restricted by traffic congestion and blocked roads .
The small airstrip suffered damage that rendered it unusable for supply flights until 20 January .
The UN also urged organizations to coordinate aid efforts through its mission in Haiti to allow for better scheduling of the arrival of supplies .
US President Barack Obama announced that former presidents Bill Clinton , who also acts as the UN special envoy to Haiti , and George W.
Bush would coordinate efforts to raise funds for Haiti 's recovery .
This will still be on our radar screen long after it 's off the crawler at CNN .
This is going to be a long slog .
In response to the earthquake , foreign governments offered badly needed financial aid .
Brazil announced R $ 375 million for long @-@ term recovery aid , R $ 25 million of which in immediate funds .
Canadians were able to donate through the Humanitarian Coalition which distributed funds to partner organizations working in the field .
During this time the Humanitarian Coalition raised over C $ 15 Million .
After the earthquake , thousands of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince residents began returning to the rural towns they came from .
On 25 January a one @-@ day conference was held in Montreal to assess the relief effort and discuss further plans .
Prime Minister Bellerive told delegates from 20 countries that Haiti would need " massive support " for its recovery from the international community .
That committee is overseeing the US $ 5 @.@ 3 billion pledged internationally for the first two years of Haiti 's reconstruction .
The commission was critiqued by Haitian groups for lacking Haitian civil society representation and accountability mechanisms .
Half the representation on the commission was given to foreigners who effectively bought their seats by pledging certain amounts of money .
The Netherlands sponsored a project , called Radio555 .
Six months after the quake as much as 98 percent of the rubble remained uncleared .
Most of the camps had no electricity , running water , or sewage disposal , and the tents were beginning to fall apart .
Crime in the camps was widespread , especially against women and girls .
In many cases land ownership was never officially registered .
In October , a cholera epidemic broke out , probably introduced by foreign aid workers .
Cholera most often affects poor countries with limited access to clean water and proper sanitation .
House building on a large scale cannot be started before the enormous amount of rubble is cleared .
The government and donors must prioritize this most basic step toward helping people return home " .
Most donors provided funds for transitional housing but very little money for clearing rubble or repairing houses " .
Venezuela and the US , which promised the major share of reconstruction funds , have disbursed only 24 percent and 30 percent , respectively .
Japan and Finland are among the few donors to have fully met their pledges .
The data shows that some crucial sectors face particularly large funding gaps .
The Miami Herald reports .
Millions were spent on ad campaigns telling people to wash their hands .
Telling them to wash their hands when there 's no water or soap is a slap in the face .
There it caused flooding and 29 deaths according to local reporting .
More than 6 % of Haitians have had the disease .
Care of cholera patients remains inadequate with much now done in tent facilities with rows of cots for patient treatment .
Fifteen percent of the camps had no basic protection services , and 48 % no health services .
While 20 % lacked functioning toilets , this is higher than the population outside tent cities , where 50 % lack toilets .
Many camps remained at a risk for flooding and more than a third of the camps ( 108 ) were at risk for evictions .
The American Red Cross has handed over the rebuilding efforts to the Haitian Red Cross .
United States : Xlibris .
In the NFL , he was a three @-@ time All @-@ Pro free safety .
He holds most Cleveland Browns franchise interception records .
After retiring from football , Darden pursued careers as a sports agent , security provider and business consultant .
Darden was born in Sandusky , Ohio .
He graduated from Sandusky High School .
Darden still ranks among leaders at Michigan for Punt Returns and Punt Return Yardage .
Darden played all defensive back positions at Michigan .
The scene was replayed over and over on national television broadcasts .
That was Darden 's second interception in that game .
ESPN also chose Darden as a member of the All @-@ Time University of Michigan Football team .
Over the course of his career he handled 45 punt returns for 285 return yards .
Darden holds Cleveland Browns franchise records with 45 career interceptions , 10 single @-@ season interceptions and 820 interception return yards .
Two of Darden 's Browns teams went to the playoffs .
Darden was ranked 47th on the Cleveland Browns top 100 players list .
Darden has served as a professional sports agent and represented Tony Boles .
At the time he was Cleveland @-@ based sports agent .
He was a supporter of Maurice Clarett 's attempt to challenge the NFL Draft 's eligibility rules .
He had been in contempt of court twenty times previously .
Reactions to the game were generally mixed .
While staying true to most adventure game conventions , Voyage has some unique features for its genre .
The Adventure Company introduced this feature to motivate players to replay the game to increase their cumulative score .
The main focus of Voyage is puzzle @-@ solving .
The player can move by clicking , and can swivel the camera 360 degrees .
Many of these puzzles require the player to decipher and use the native language of the moon .
Voyage features two unique dexterity minigames .
These two minigames form only a minor part of the game .
The game also has several timed sequences requiring the player to complete puzzles under a time limit .
The consequence of failing a puzzle of this sort is death , after which the player is able to return and replay the puzzle .
Players can also be killed as the result of taking incorrect actions related to the game 's story .
However , the maximum quantity of a given item that the player may keep in his inventory at any one time is three .
One of the main uses of the inventory is to combine items together to make new items .
This process of breaking and reforming items in the inventory comprises a large portion of the puzzle aspect of the game .
The inventory can also be used to create meals which the player can consume ; this ability plays a major role in several puzzles .
Another use of the inventory is to create hybrid lunar plants , which play a critical role in the earlier puzzles of the game .
However , Hozjan also said that he hopes " players will try to increase their score and certainly share their experience through forums .
Voyage 's protagonist , Michel Ardan , volunteers to travel in the aluminium shell .
The main accessible areas in the game are the moon 's surface , and the underground Selenite civilization .
The ' Selenites ' are the subterranean inhabitants of the moon , and are a highly intelligent society maintained by hierarchy and secret .
They possess blue skin , large black eyes and transparent cerebral lobes on the sides of their heads .
This is in fact a reference to H.G.
Wells ' book The first men in the moon , as the adventurers never actually land on the moon in Verne 's original story .
They are divided into castes .
Each exile has two different plants on either shoulder with which they share a special bond .
The player character is Michel Ardan , an eccentric and intrepid French scientist who is enthusiastic , daring and cheerful .
A woman called Diana features in the game 's backstory , as a woman whose ancestors made contact with the Selenites .
Voyage begins as Ardan awakes in the shell and discovers his two dead companions : Barbicane and Nicholl .
Eventually Ardan 's journey will carry him into orbit around the moon in which he must prepare himself for a lunar landing .
There he encounters the Selenite race .
Following this , Ardan focusses on finding a way to leave the moon and report his findings to Earth .
After acquiring what he needs , Ardan travels back to Earth in the shell .
The Adventure Company collaborated with developers Kheops Studios for the release .
Journey to the Center of the Moon was later renamed Voyage : Inspired by Jules Verne .
Additionally , Alexis Lang attributed the inspiration for the Selenites to H.G.
Wells was more misanthropist than Verne .
To balance this fact , we 've added a touch of irony in our story and chosen a very optimistic and joyful main character .
The demo included the game 's introduction in the shell .
The game retailed for US $ 19 @.@ 99 .
In general , Voyage received mixed reviews upon its release .
According to Metacritic , reviewers have given Voyage scores between 60 % and 86 % .
The puzzle aspect of Voyage met with mixed responses .
The game 's inventory system received praise from Gamersinfo as being very well done .
Voyage has also been criticized for its lack of story and over @-@ reliance on back story .
G4 commented on the game 's voice acting as overly dramatic but appropriate , but criticized many of the sound effects as being cheesy .
GameSpot described Ardan 's dialogue as somewhat lame , and also criticized the game 's sound effects .
Old Baltimore Pike is a road in the U.S.
The road is paralleled by Interstate 95 ( I @-@ 95 , Delaware Turnpike ) to the north and U.S.
Route 40 ( US 40 , Pulaski Highway ) to the south .
In the past it served as a major connection between Philadelphia and Baltimore .
Old Baltimore Pike crosses DE 896 and enters rural areas .
Here , the roadway passes Cooch 's Bridge , a historic battle site of the American Revolutionary War .
It then crosses Norfolk Southern 's Delmarva Secondary railroad line and encounters DE 72 .
After this intersection , Old Baltimore Pike continues past suburban neighborhoods , gaining a center left @-@ turn lane and intersecting Salem Church Road .
Farther east , the highway reaches a junction with DE 273 in a wooded area .
At this point , the road narrows to two lanes again and heads into the community of Christiana .
Here , the highway intersects DE 7 , where it turns north and follows that route through residential areas .
The road was known as the Great Road and ran between Head of Elk ( now Elkton , Maryland ) and Christiana Bridge .
It was later known as the Christiana @-@ Elkton Turnpike before becoming Old Baltimore Pike .
As a turnpike , tolls were collected to pay for the maintenance of the road .
The road historically went through agricultural areas ; however , the surroundings have become more developed over the years .
Much of the Old Baltimore Pike remains two lanes .
The entire route is in New Castle County .
After defeating the evil Dr.
Light in order to create an army for robotic dominance over humans .
Having learned of the threat , Mega Man 's rival Bass decides to take matters into his own hands .
The game is an action @-@ platformer where the player advances by defeating bosses and acquiring their signature weapons .
Mega Man & Bass lets the player choose between either of its title characters , each of which plays differently from the other .
The story of Mega Man & Bass varies slightly depending on which player character is chosen .
It begins One year after Megaman 8 when a robot villain named King breaks into Dr.
Wily 's laboratory and then the Robot Museum to collect the data blueprints for the creations of Dr.
Light alerts the hero Mega Man that he must go at once to the Robot Museum to confront this new enemy .
Proto Man is the first to arrive at the scene .
King divulges his plan to him ; he desires to create a utopia in which robots rule the world over humans .
To accomplish this , King seeks to create an unstoppable army using the data and invites Proto Man to join him .
Proto Man refuses and attempts to attack , but King counters and slices his body in half .
Proto Man then teleports back to the lab for repairs while King escapes with the data , instructing his minions to handle the heroes .
With their own motivations , Mega Man and Bass set out to put a stop to King 's plans .
Proto Man interrupts the fight and again attempts to defeat their new nemesis .
King questions why they fight so hard for humans when robots are the superior species .
The pair explains that humans are the ones who created robots in the first place , which confuses King .
The villain reveals that his creator is Dr.
Wily , who then appears on a video monitor .
The castle begins a self @-@ destruct sequence and the protagonists escape without King .
Mega Man and Bass begin a final confrontation with Dr.
Wily in his newly regained laboratory .
When Wily is beaten , Bass demands to know why he deceived him .
Wily explains that he created King simply to test Bass ' abilities .
Proto Man appears and immediately destroys these plans .
Wily then demands Bass to destroy Proto Man , but Bass is unsure .
Bass doesn 't care and forces Proto Man to leave , saying that he will still destroy Mega Man to prove his cause .
Mega Man returns home where his sister Roll presents him a letter from King , who has somehow escaped the destruction of his castle .
The gameplay in Mega Man & Bass is similar to earlier games in the series .
The player is tasked with completing a series of action @-@ platform stages while overcoming obstacles , solving minor puzzles , and battling enemies .
Destroying the " Robot Master " boss at the end of a stage lets the player acquire its special weapon .
In previous games , the player generally took on the role of the hero Mega Man .
In this game , the player can choose to start the game as either Mega Man or Bass .
However , whichever character is picked must be used for the rest of the game and cannot be changed .
Mega Man is able to charge his shots to make them more powerful and has the ability to slide along the ground .
Bass is also able to double @-@ jump ( jump a second time in mid @-@ air ) and dash along the ground .
Performing both simultaneously lets him cross great distances by doing a dash @-@ jump .
The stage structure is different from other games in the series .
After the introduction level , the player can only choose between three Robot Masters .
Bypassing all eight crystals opens the way to the fortress stages .
CDs collected in each playthrough are permanently placed in a database and remain unlocked after beating the game .
Saved games are used in place of the series ' traditional password system .
The design team included several new employees , as well as members of previous Mega Man games .
Inafune required them to make the game " as hardcore as possible " .
Designer Hideki Ishikawa recalled the development of Mega Man & Bass as " one big party " .
Graphically , Mega Man & Bass uses many of the same two @-@ dimensional sprites and animations as Mega Man 8 .
The other six were newly created for the game by three character designers : Hitoshi Ariga ( credited as " H.
Ariga " ) , Yoshihiro Iwamoto ( credited as " Y.
Iwamoto " ) and Koji Izuki ( credited as " K.
Iduki " ) designed two characters each .
The bosses were officially unveiled on a teaser page in the Kodansha magazine Comic BonBon .
Each boss was given distinct characteristics so that they could be easily identified by players in both their aesthetics and personalities .
Some of these characters had different names during their conceptual phase prior to the finalization of the game .
Iwamoto originally denoted Ground Man as " Drill Man " despite there already being a Robot Master by that name in Mega Man 4 .
The musical score for Mega Man & Bass was composed by Akari Kaida ( credited as " A.
Kaida " ) , Naoshi Mizuta ( credited as " N.
Mizuta " ) , and " Kirikiri @-@ chan " ( real name unknown ) .
Rather than create tracks together , each composer was responsible for their own songs .
Mega Man & Bass was originally available in Japan through the Nintendo Power game service in Lawson convenience stores .
Its popularity prompted Capcom to later release the game in Super Famicom cartridge form .
Until its GBA re @-@ release , it was one of the few Mega Man titles not localized for English @-@ speaking countries .
The company commemorated the 15th anniversary of the Mega Man franchise with the GBA version of the game .
The GBA port has received generally positive critical reviews , currently holding an aggregate score of 79 % on both GameRankings and Metacritic .
Most critics found the game to be a solid yet conventional action @-@ platformer that successfully adheres to the classic Mega Man formula .
Many reviews also noted the game 's high difficulty .
The plot consists of the titular duo 's struggle against an adversary named " Rockman Shadow " .
Elements of the game appeared in the Mega Man comic series from Archie Comics before it went on hiatus .
Most notably , King appeared during a time travel story in issue 20 , while issue 55 saw Dr.
Light experiencing a vision of the events of the game among other yet @-@ to @-@ be @-@ adapted games .
State Route 319 ( SR 319 ) is a very short , two @-@ lane state highway in the western portion of the U.S.
SR 319 begins in downtown Burkettsville at a former railroad grade just west of Washington Street .
After leaving the village of Burkettsville , SR 319 becomes the boundary between Darke County 's Allen Township and Mercer County 's Granville Township .
After a short distance through farmland , the highway comes to an end as it arrives at its junction with SR 118 .
The Ohio Department of Transportation ( ODOT ) conducts surveys throughout its highway system to determine traffic volume .
Two years later , SR 118 was extended south from its former southern terminus in Rockford to its present southern terminus in Greenville .
In turn , SR 319 became the short spur route that it is today .
It also reduced the maximum term of a parliament from seven years to five .
This did not , however , despite the apparent contradiction , prevent it from rejecting such bills outright .
This denied the Lords the ability to reject individual components and the prospect of voting down the entire budget was seemingly unpalatable .
The Liberal government lost heavily , but remained in majority with the help of a significant number of Irish Nationalist and Labour MPs .
The Irish Nationalists saw the continued power of the Lords as detrimental to securing Irish Home Rule .
The Lords was now faced with the prospect of a Parliament Act , which had considerable support from the Irish Nationalists .
A series of meetings between the Liberal government and Conservative opposition members was agreed .
Twenty @-@ one such meetings were held between 16 June and 10 November .
The Liberals supported an exception for bills relating to the monarchy and Protestant succession , but not home rule .
Discussions were declared failed on 10 November .
The elections of December produced little change from January .
The calling of a second dissolution of parliament now seems to have been contrary to the wishes of Edward VII .
This would have meant creating over 400 new Liberal peers .
The King did , however , demand that it would have to be rejected at least once by the Lords before his intervention .
Two amendments made by the Lords were rejected and opposition showed little sign of slipping .
This led Asquith to declare the King 's intention to overcome the majority in the House of Lords by creating sufficient new peers .
It was passed in the Lords by 131 votes to 114 votes , a majority of 17 .
This reflected a large number of abstentions .
The bill was also an attempt to place the relationship between the House of Commons and House of Lords on a new footing .
It did not change the composition of the Lords , however .
The Lords would only be able to delay money bills for one month , effectively ending their ability to do so .
It did not however , cover any sort of local taxes or similar measures .
Some Finance Bills have not fallen within this criterion ; Consolidated Fund and Appropriation Bills have .
Other public bills could no longer be vetoed ; instead , they could be delayed for up to two years .
The Speaker has to also certify that the conditions of the bill had been complied with .
Significant restrictions on amendments are made to ensure that it is the same bill that has been rejected twice .
Parliament would now be limited to five years , beginning the first meeting of parliament after the election .
The reduction in parliament length was seen as a counterbalance to the new powers granted to the Commons .
The use of the Lords ' now temporary veto remains a powerful check on legislation .
Ulster Protestants had been firmly against the passing of the bill .
However , it never came into force because of the outbreak of the First World War .
These made special exemptions to the requirement to hold an election every five years .
Legislation passed through the Parliament Act , without the consent of the Lords , is still considered primary legislation .
This was a pragmatic response , which avoided the further problems of codifying unwritten rules and reconstructing the entire government .
It is also mentioned in discussion of constitutional convention .
Whilst it replaced conventions regarding the role of the House of Lords , it also relies on several others .
Hibiscus is a London restaurant owned and run by French chef Claude Bosi .
The property was sold to Alan Murchison , and Bosi purchased a new site on Maddox Street in London .
It has also been awarded five AA Rosettes .
The location had a 36 @-@ seat capacity , and was previously occupied by a three AA Rosette restaurant called the Oaks .
Bosi had previously been head chef and won a Michelin star at the Overton Grange restaurant , just outside the town .
Within a year Hibiscus won its first Michelin star , and at the same time Overton Grange was downgraded before going in to receivership .
The idea is to continue and build on what I have been doing .
The interior of the London @-@ based restaurant was decorated in orange and shades of brown .
The restaurant was also given a " rising star " as one with potential to go up to two stars in the future .
The menu is created by Bosi .
He has been described as an innovator and his work has been compared to that of Heston Blumenthal at The Fat Duck .
One of the new dishes Bosi introduced following his move to London was a two @-@ part pork dish .
The first part was roasted suckling pig served with sea urchin , kohlrabi and a fondant of sweet potato .
The second , inspired by his daughter , featured a sausage roll with a salad and a truffle dressing .
Other dishes have included roast chicken with an onion fondue and licorice , and desserts include a chocolate tart served with basil ice cream .
Jay Rayner reviewed the restaurant for The Observer after Hibiscus moved from Ludlow to London , his first time at the restaurant .
Overall , he planned on returning to give Bosi another chance .
Zoe Williams also reviewed the restaurant shortly after it arrived in London , for The Daily Telegraph .
They thought that Bosi 's food combinations just did not work , but still said that some of his desserts were " faultless " .
The restaurant has been given five AA Rosettes by The Automobile Association .
Turner also helped Maryland secure an appearance in the Emerald Bowl .
That year , he led Maryland in wins over four of their five ranked opponents and to an appearance in the Humanitarian Bowl .
Turner was born in Simi Valley , California to parents John and Grace Turner .
His father was the original drummer of the glam metal band Ratt .
Ever since then , I 've always thought to myself , ' It can 't get worse than that .
SuperPrep picked him as a Far West all @-@ region selection and PrepStar as an all @-@ region selection .
Turner was assessed as a Rivals.com three @-@ star and Scout.com two @-@ star recruit .
He received scholarship offers from Boise State , Illinois , Louisville , Maryland , Oregon , Utah , and UTEP .
Turner ultimately chose Maryland , which is located just outside Washington , D.C.
Turner executed a scoring drive and completed four of six passes , but also threw two interceptions .
He sat out the next two games and then took one snap against Wake Forest .
When the unranked Terps faced 10th @-@ ranked Rutgers , Steffy suffered a concussion and Turner again filled in .
About the then relatively unknown Turner , Rutgers head coach Greg Schiano said , " I wish I would have seen this guy before .
Late in the second quarter , he was benched and replaced by Steffy for two possessions .
Turner said , " I didn 't know that my leash was that short in the first place , to be honest .
I didn 't think it would come to this .
I guess I should have .
The following week Maryland played their regular season finale against NC State and both teams needed an additional win to attain bowl eligibility .
Turner , a generally immobile pocket quarterback , invigorated the offense when he executed a 41 @-@ yard option run for a first down .
Turner finished the season as the third @-@ most efficient passer in the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) .
That season started with some controversy when head coach Ralph Friedgen initially selected senior Jordan Steffy as the starting quarterback .
Turner considered returning home with a transfer to a Californian school , but ultimately decided against it .
For that , he was nominated for the week 's Pontiac Game Changing Performance .
He was backed @-@ up by sophomore Jamarr Robinson and true freshmen C.
Brown and Danny O 'Brien .
Turner 's seniority was called critical for the performance of the team 's relatively youthful offensive line .
Turner said , " Mentally , I am way further ahead than where I was last year .
Offensive coordinator Franklin said , " You look at him , he was kind of mushy last year .
You look at him now and he 's muscular and shaped .
He looks more athletic .
He also expressed a desire to pursue a professional playing career in the National Football League ( NFL ) if possible .
His coolness can be mistaken for apathy .
Turner 's supposedly one @-@ dimensional nature , however , has occasionally allowed him to make unexpected plays with his feet .
Pundits and coaches sometimes characterized Turner as a quarterback who did not excel during practices , but executed well on game @-@ day .
Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen said " He 's pretty go @-@ with @-@ the @-@ flow .
And that 's his greatest strength and maybe his greatest weakness .
The bottom line is , he plays well in games .
Turner conceded that Steffy was a better game @-@ planner during practices .
Turner said , " It lit a fire in me in the sense that I had to be ready .
He would say , ' Guys , are you ready to score again ?
Are you ready to run the ball on these guys ?
His strong interest in politics factored into his decision on where to attend college .
He chose the University of Maryland partly based on its close proximity to Washington , D.C.
Turner 's political views are liberal ; he is registered as a Democrat , and has described himself as an idealist .
Turner had previously considered volunteering for the presidential campaign of Barack Obama , which he said probably annoyed his conservative father , John Turner .
Depending on who you talk to , they 're both pretty big deals .
There 's more to life than football .
Incidentally , Turner 's favorite sport is soccer , not football .
He is also interested in foreign cultures and expressed regret at being unable to spend a semester abroad because of college football .
The rhyme dates back at least to the 18th century and exists with different numbers of verses each with a number of variations .
Several theories have been advanced to explain its origins and to suggest meanings for the lyrics .
To fetch a pail of water .
And Jill came tumbling after .
The second verse , probably added as part of these extensions has become a standard part of the nursery rhyme .
With vinegar and brown paper .
By the early 20th century this had been modified in some collections , such as L.
For laughing at Jack 's disaster .
For causing Jack 's disaster .
Vinegar and brown paper were a home cure used as a method to draw out bruises on the body .
While the true origins of the rhyme are unknown there are several theories .
As is common with nursery rhyme exegesis , complicated metaphors are often said to exist within the lyrics of Jack and Jill .
Most explanations post @-@ date the first publication of the rhyme and have no corroborating evidence .
These include the suggestion by S.
It has also been suggested that the rhyme records the attempt by King Charles I to reform the taxes on liquid measures .
This meant that he still received more tax , despite Parliament 's veto .
The expressway is named for the nearby Snapper Creek which runs parallel to SR 878 .
It acts as a spur route of the Don Shula Expressway ( SR 874 ) , providing access to U.S.
Route 1 ( US 1 ) near South Miami and local access to the eastern Kendall area while bypassing the Dadeland district .
The road is maintained and tolled by the Miami @-@ Dade Expressway Authority ( MDX ) .
After approximately 0 @.@ 4 miles ( 0 @.@ 64 km ) , the Snapper Creek Expressway passes through the 87th Avenue toll gantry .
It then meets Galloway Road ( SR 973 ) shortly afterwards with a diamond interchange .
The expressway then enters Glenvar Heights once it crosses SR 973 and remains in that district for the rest of its duration .
SR 878 's tolls are entirely electronic : cash cannot be accepted along its length .
Payment is done either via SunPass transponders or via toll @-@ by @-@ plate billing , the latter of which attracts a higher cost .
The move to toll the Snapper Creek Expressway angered local residents , but was tempered by MDX 's move to investigate toll rebates .
The entire route is in Miami @-@ Dade County .
All exits are unnumbered .
Born in Ballymena , County Antrim , Nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of Broughshane , before moving to Coleraine , County Londonderry .
He wanted to become a teacher like his father , so he began a degree in French at the University of Ulster .
With the rest of the starring cast , Nesbitt was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award .
A departure from his previous " cheeky chappie " roles , the film was a turning point in his career .
He won a British Independent Film Award and was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor .
The role twice gained Nesbitt Best Actor nominations at the Irish Film & Television Awards ( IFTA ) .
Nesbitt is married to former actress Sonia Forbes @-@ Adam , with whom he has two daughters .
He had ambitions to play football for Manchester United , or to become a teacher like his father .
The family was Protestant , and Lisnamurrican was in " Paisley country " .
The Nesbitts spent Sunday evenings singing hymns around the piano .
Jim marched in the Ballymena Young Conquerors flute band and Nesbitt joined him playing the flute .
After the Drumcree conflicts , they stopped marching with the band .
When Nesbitt was 11 years old , the family moved to Coleraine , County Londonderry , where May worked for the Housing Executive .
He completed his primary education at Blagh primary school , then moved on to Coleraine Academical Institution ( CAI ) .
When he was 15 , he got his first paid job as a bingo caller at Barry 's Amusements in Portrush .
He stayed at university for a year before dropping out .
Being 18 is the worst age to expect people to learn things .
There are other things to be bothered with , like girls and football .
His first professional stage appearance came in the same year , when he played Keith in Up on the Roof .
The musical ran at the Theatre Royal , Plymouth , before transferring to the London West End .
Hamlet had been translated back to English from Boris Pasternak 's Russian translation .
Nesbitt played Guildenstern , Barnardo and the second gravedigger .
He recalled that the play received " shocking " reviews , but was exciting .
A New York Times critic wrote , " the jaunty , bemused Mr.
Nesbitt , manages to combine soulfulness with sly humor " .
I thought , ' Oh , that 's it , I 've cracked it .
A Guardian journalist wrote that " he showed himself to be a generous supporting actor " in Jude and Sarajevo .
The audition came about through a mutual friend of Nesbitt 's and the director , Declan Lowney .
The producer , Christine Langan , had also recalled his performances in Hear My Song and Go Now .
Several scenes were filmed at his old workplace Barry 's Amusements , although they were cut from the broadcast episode .
Nesbitt credits the role with raising his profile with the public .
The following year , he appeared in Declan Lowney 's feature debut , Wild About Harry .
Lowney had personally asked him to appear in the supporting role of cross @-@ dressing Unionist politician Walter Adair .
He played Jimmy Hands , an incompetent bank robber who masterminds an escape from a prison by staging a musical as a distraction .
He was filming Cold Feet in Manchester when he received the script .
He read it and found that had " an extraordinary effect " on him .
Nesbitt played Ivan Cooper in Bloody Sunday , the man who pressed for the march to go ahead .
To prepare for the role , Nesbitt met with Cooper and spent many hours talking to him about his motives on that day .
Shortly before Bloody Sunday was broadcast , Nesbitt described it as " difficult but extraordinary " and " emotionally draining " .
His parents ' home was also vandalised and he received death threats .
It has been sugared and , in the process , de @-@ politicised .
He refers to his career since the film was released as " post @-@ Bloody Sunday " .
A 90 @-@ minute pilot of Murphy 's Law was commissioned by the BBC , initially as a " comedy action adventure " .
Bateman created a complex backstory for Murphy , which was cut at the request of the producers .
This new dramatic element to the series was intended to make it a closer representation of real @-@ life undercover work .
With his trainer , he worked out three times a week , boxing and doing circuits and weights .
But here , it 's different .
He genuinely has the air of a man who means business .
He decided to accept the part because he found it interesting .
The role gained Nesbitt an IFTA nomination for Best Actor in a TV Drama later that year .
Keyes later discovers that the woman was raped but cannot bring himself to admit in court that he did nothing to help her .
Nesbitt described Keyes as " like a better man than me : a good father and husband .
The producers originally wanted Scottish actor Douglas Henshall to play Glaswegian Parlabane but ITV executives overruled them and cast Nesbitt .
He was considering taking time off from acting and did not really want the role in Match Point .
He sent in an audition tape and was accepted for the part .
Despite his initial reluctance , Nesbitt enjoyed working with Allen , and complimented him on his directing style .
Nesbitt and Catherine Tate starred as a married couple who meet a pair of newlyweds returning from their honeymoon .
Later that year , he appeared in his first full @-@ length play in 11 years , in Owen McCafferty 's Shoot the Crow .
He enjoyed the stimulation of learning his lines and rehearsing with the cast and director .
In The Independent , Michael Coveney suggested the role did not fit the actor : " Nesbitt is cool .
At the end of the year , he had a starring role in the low @-@ budget independent film Blessed .
The writer and director Mark Aldridge scripted the character of Peter with Nesbitt in mind to play him .
Nesbitt met with Griffin before filming began to learn about how his brother 's murder affected him .
He also starred as Colour Sgt.
Mike Swift in Peter Bowker 's three @-@ part BBC / Kudos television serial Occupation .
He researched the role by speaking to Territorial Army soldiers in Belfast , and RAF officers in Morocco , where the serial was filmed .
Give the man a Bafta .
He continued to be represented in the United Kingdom by Artists Rights Group .
He researched the mythical aspects of the character by reading about Irish folklore and beliefs .
In the five @-@ part drama , Nesbitt played submarine engineer Clem Donnelly .
The serial was filmed over 12 weeks at BBC Scotland 's studios in Dumbarton .
Next , Nesbitt reunited with Occupation screenwriter Peter Bowker to star in the ITV medical drama series Monroe , playing Gabriel Monroe .
Nesbitt was Bowker 's first choice for the part .
Nesbitt had not read J.R.R.
Tolkien 's novel but accepted the role immediately .
His vocals have also appeared in Lucky Break and an episode of Cold Feet .
He also contributed vocals to the Waking Ned soundtrack .
A fan of Northern Irish band Ash , he made a cameo in their unreleased film Slashed .
Nesbitt was recommended to Just Jack by Elton John .
Nesbitt was married to Sonia Forbes @-@ Adam , the daughter of Reverend Sir Timothy Forbes Adam .
Nesbitt 's three sisters all became teachers .
The couple says that the filming of The Hobbit Trilogy has forced the couple to live separately for the past two years .
The split came as a mutual decision and the couple says that infidelity was not one of the reasons for their decision .
Nesbitt is a patron of Wave , a charity set up to support those traumatised by the Troubles .
The charity faced closure due to funding problems before Nesbitt encouraged celebrities and artists to become involved .
He describes the role as " a privilege " .
The article was described in the Evening Standard as " moving and notably well @-@ crafted " .
He is a fan of football teams Coleraine and Manchester United .
He has called the team " a heartbeat " of Coleraine and encouraged more people to watch Irish League football .
I have access to an awful lot of people and places because of my work .
If that involves me being at Stormont , then I 'd be very happy to do that .
I believe I can bring something to that , otherwise I wouldn 't have taken this on .
Its lyrics describe a romantic obsession that causes the protagonist to act out of character .
Jay Z contributes a rapped verse to the song and is credited as a featured performer .
With global sales of over 8 @.@ 5 million , including 2 million from the U.S.
At the 46th Grammy Awards , " Crazy in Love " won Best R & B Song and Best Rap / Sung Collaboration .
Artists including David Byrne have covered the song , and it has been used in various television shows and other media .
People do not really get it and you will leave them with a foul taste in their mouth .
Two hours later , he had penned the verses and the hook in spite of being hung over .
Harrison had also made provision for a backing track ; he played all the instruments on the track .
American rapper Jay @-@ Z became involved late in the song 's production .
Around three in the morning , he came to the studio and recorded a rap verse , which he improvised in about ten minutes .
Having a go @-@ go vibe , " Crazy in Love " is built on a hip hop beat .
One of the main vocal riffs uses the traditional cowbell rhythm often found in samba music .
Lisa Verrico of The Times magazine , wrote that " Crazy in Love " makes use of big drums and bits of brass .
According to Natalie Nichols of Los Angeles Times , the lyrics of " Crazy in Love " reference a state of romantic obsession .
The lyrics are composed in the traditional verse @-@ chorus form .
Jay Z opens the song with a brief spoken verse @-@ rap , containing the lyrics : " Yes !
So crazy right now .
Most incredibly , it 's your girl , B.
It 's your boy , Young .
She repeats the " uh @-@ oh , uh @-@ oh " phrase , leading to the second verse .
She then sings the chorus again and the song fades out with the horns .
Notably , the song was also fairly successful as a ringtone among cell phone users across America .
These versions appeared on the single releases of " Crazy in Love " under an alternative spelling , " Krazy in Luv " .
The Rockwilder remix slows down the beat and makes the song deeper and funkier with chopped up horn samples and sparkling synth textures .
Maurice 's " Nu Soul Remix " speeds up the beat , taking it from hip @-@ hop to house territory .
Darryl Sterdan of Jam !
Anthony DeCurtis of Rolling Stone wrote : " ' Crazy in Love ' ...
Marc Anthony Neal of PopMatters called the " uh @-@ oh , uh @-@ oh " phrase catchy .
MTV News considered " Crazy in Love " to be the " proudest moment " of Dangerously in Love .
Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the song has a " fresh sound " .
Entertainment Weekly magazine ranked " Crazy in Love " forty @-@ seven in its list of The 100 Greatest Summer Songs .
The song is ranked second in Yahoo !
They were a herald : Pop 's new queen had arrived .
They placed " Crazy in Love " at number 16 on their list of the 150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years .
Literally have to , Pavlovian conditioning @-@ style .
The single spent three weeks at number one in the United Kingdom and fifteen weeks in the top 100 .
It is about a girl who is at the point of a relationship .
She realises that she is in love , she is doing stuff she would not normally do but she does not care .
It does not matter she is just crazy in love .
She performs an elaborate solo dance on a riser .
Jay Z appears and ignites a line of petrol leading to a car parked under the bridge , which explodes in flames .
She continues to dance while the water is flying everywhere .
Their outfits contrast with the neutral colors of the background , the video .
Carmit Bachar , a former Pussycat Dolls singer , is one of the dancers .
The music video was acclaimed by critics and won several awards .
It however lost to Good Charlotte 's " Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous " in the Viewer 's Choice category .
Monique Jessen And Todd Peterson wrote that she , " ...
Tour at several venues , including the Odyssey Arena in Belfast , the O2 Arena in London , and in Athens and Sydney .
She climbed a staircase where her all @-@ female band and three backup singers were positioned .
The staircase moved forward in two places ; top part moved while the bottom poked out more .
At the top of her staircase , she removed her train and returned to the main stage .
During the performance , Jay @-@ Z did not appear on stage but his pre @-@ recorded voice was heard .
Dan DeLuca of noted that the song was one of the " beat @-@ savvy booty @-@ shaking workouts " performed during the revue .
Several artists have recorded cover versions of " Crazy in Love " .
Alternative rock band Snow Patrol recorded the song during a BBC session with Zane Lowe .
Switchfoot produced a video for their cover version .
Indie artist Dsico recorded an electronic cover of the song .
German group The Baseballs covered the song in rockabilly style for their debut album Strike !
Singapore Idol contestant Maia Lee performed " Crazy in Love " on that program .
Obviously I know how ' Crazy in Love ' goes , but I knew there was the possibility her vocals would be different .
It 's almost more vulnerable and beautiful this way , because you do do crazy things when you fall in love .
To hear the mood reversed and flipped makes it even more powerful .
OBO Itself ( BMI ) , Dam Rich Music ( BMI ) , EMI April Music Inc .
OBO Itself ( BMI ) , Carter Boyd Publishing ( ASCAP ) and Unichappell Music Inc .
On 20 December , the line was attacked by both corps .
By 26 December , strong German defences had stalled Canadian forces in Ortona and British and New Zealand forces in Orsogna .
East of the Apennine Mountain spine was the British Eighth Army , under General Bernard Montgomery .
In October , Eighth Army had crossed the Bifurno river and pushed the German defenders from the Volturno @-@ Viktor Line defences .
The Moro River runs from the central mountain spine of Italy to the Adriatic coast south of Ortona .
Montgomery hoped to punch through the Winter Line , capture Ortona and Pescara and advance to Rome .
Montgomery 's plan was for the Canadian Division to attack across the Moro in the coastal lowlands to take Ortona first and then Pescara .
Facing V Corps was the 1st Parachute Division ( 1 .
Further inland , facing XIII Corps , was the 65th Infantry Division ( 65 .
Infantriedivision ) under Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer supported by elements of 1st Parachute and 5th Mountain Division ( 5 .
Gebirgsdivision ) under Brigadier General Julius Ringel .
Five primary infantry battalions were selected to assault these positions with the objective of crossing the Moro River .
The offensives were scheduled to start on the morning of 6 December .
The task of taking Villa Rogatti , the westernmost crossing point , was given to Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry ( PPCLI ) .
At 00 : 00 on 5 December , two companies of the PPCLI crossed the Moro River , moving towards Villa Rogatti .
As B Company broke through the German defences , A Company attacked to the northeast , continuing to engage 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment ( 200 .
Panzergrenadier _ Regiment ) near Villa Rogatti .
Although two Canadian infantry companies now occupied Villa Rogatti , German Panzergrenadier forces still maintained substantial defences on the outskirts of the town .
Panzergrenadier @-@ Regiment ) .
After approximately an hour of fighting by C and D Companies , Villa Rogatti had been occupied by Canadian forces shortly before dawn .
Panzer @-@ Regiment ) , field guns and substantial infantry forces .
While the PPCLI had taken 68 casualties , German casualties were estimated at 120 .
However , three strong German formation surrounded the Canadian positions at Villa Rogatti , rendering further exploitation of the bridgehead unlikely .
Ware was advised to be ready to withdraw across the Moro River , should German forces counterattack .
As a result of the withdrawal , Canadian efforts would focus on achieving a bridgehead at San Leonardo .
In the early morning of 6 December , A Company was withdrawn and two additional Seaforth companies resumed the offensive .
As PPCLI secured and held their bridgehead over the Moro River , the Seaforth Highlanders were struggling to enter San Leonardo .
However , the attack on San Leonardo by three Seaforth companies stalled rapidly when the 26th Panzer Regiment 's armoured companies reinforced the sector .
As a result , Forin was ordered to prepare for a withdrawal from the San Leonardo bridgehead .
Throughout 6 December , strong German coastal defences would prevent further advancement , despite the incorporation of tanks and artillery into the assault .
The operation was scheduled to start on the afternoon of 8 December .
The attack began with a massive artillery barrage which pounded German positions continuously for two hours .
At 16 : 00 , the Saskatoon Light Infantry support battalion joined in , hitting German positions with bursts of machine gun fire .
The moment the heavy bombardment lifted , the 48th Highlanders and the RCR both initiated their attacks .
D Company of the 48th Highlanders was able to quickly cross the Moro , taking minimal casualties .
However , B Company was subjected to heavy fire from German mortars and 88 mm ( 3 @.@ 46 in ) artillery positions .
Eventually , however , both companies managed to establish strong positions on the western ridge overlooking San Leonardo .
Two companies had advanced against strong and well prepared German defences of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment .
A Company was quickly tied down by German mortar fire , while B Company flanked German positions to the north of San Donato .
By nightfall , all four companies held tenuous positions in the thick of German defences .
By mid morning , San Leonardo had been cleared of German defenders , although strong positions still existed outside of the town .
However , a combination of concealed minefields and well dug in German armour made the task of the Allied tanks impossible .
However , German defences were adequately prepared , including gun @-@ pits , bunkers and shelters .
On 10 December , three Canadian battalions made their first attempt to cross The Gully .
Although they succeeded in capturing Vino Ridge , directly south of The Gully , attempts to neutralise German positions in the ravine were unsuccessful .
The assault started poorly , when Canadian artillery plans were captured by soldiers of the 90th Panzergrenadier Division 's 200th Regiment .
When The West Nova Scotia Regiment attacked The Gully , they were subject to counterattacks by the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment approximately 10 : 30 .
By 14 : 00 , the regiment had called off its attacks and had taken heavy casualties .
To the west , Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry fared little better , with C Company taking heavy casualties in their assault .
By 14 December , Vokes had devised a new assault plan for taking The Gully .
By 07 : 50 , both companies had control of the lateral highway leading to Casa Berardi .
Despite the arrival of several Panzer IVs , Triquet 's remaining forces captured the manor house at 14 : 30 .
However , only 14 men of C Company remained fit to continue fighting .
For his efforts to capture Casa Berardi , Triquet was awarded the Victoria Cross .
These troops had arrived late that evening after a long journey .
Meanwhile , even before the German counterattack had been repelled , the 20th Regiment had attacked toward Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks .
Operation Florence had come to an end .
While the German line had been pushed back and they had sustained casualties they could ill afford , they still firmly held Orsogna .
Furthermore , the New Zealand Division was , for the time being , fought out and needed a period of consolidation and reorganisation .
By 16 December , the British 5th Division had completed its move into the line between the New Zealand and the Indian divisions .
There followed a period of hostile patrolling and skirmishing on the XIII Corps front .
Vokes planned for an attack by The Carleton and York Regiment to be the last of the frontal assaults against The Gully .
At 07 : 30 on 15 December , two companies of the Carleton and York Regiment attacked .
After little more than an hour of fighting , however , the Canadians were forced to call the attack off .
On 18 December , Vokes planned what would be the largest assault on The Gully during the campaign .
Less than 100 m behind this barrage , the 48th Highlanders would advance across the Ortona @-@ Orsogna Lateral Road .
At the same time , the 8th Indian Division would attack northward toward Crecchio , preventing German reinforcements from reaching The Gully .
Both battalions would be supported by tanks of The Three Rivers Regiment .
At first , the attack went extremely well .
However , when the artillery shifted their barrage , the German defences quickly recovered and their machine gun fire devastated the advancing forces .
In C Company of the Royal Canadian Regiment , every platoon commander was killed or wounded .
The attack was quickly abandoned .
On 20 December , Canadian forces tried again and The Royal Canadian Regiment attacked Cider Crossroads at noon .
Due to shortages of fuel and poor weather , H @-@ Hour was postponed until 14 : 15 .
When H @-@ Hour came , a powerful creeping barrage supported two companies of the Royal Canadian Regiment eastward .
By evening , B Company controlled the Cider Crossroads , having met virtually no resistance in their advance to the objective .
The attack went in at 05 : 30 on 22 December but failed in desperate fighting .
The 1 / 5th Battalion , Essex Regiment renewed their attack the following morning with more success .
After a counterattack by German paratroops had been repulsed at midday , the Essex advanced to mop up the remainder of the village .
The troops of the 8th Indian Division entered the village to find a shambles .
One correspondent described the scene " as though a giant had trodden on a child 's box of blocks " .
On 23 December , Lieutenant @-@ General Dempsey 's XIII Corps launched a new attack to push back the German line from Orsogna .
In the afternoon , the British 5th Infantry Division attacked on the right wing of the Corps front toward the Arielli stream .
The XIII Corps front was effectively deadlocked and settled into a posture of active defence and patrolling .
Paratroop engineers and infantry had destroyed much of Ortona itself , turning the streets into a debris @-@ filled maze .
Major streets were mined , with demolition charges throughout the main piazza , and booby traps littered the town .
German forces had also buried tanks in the rubble , leaving only the turrets exposed .
Throughout the day , they encountered heavy machine gun fire during their attempts to enter Ortona .
German counterattacks on 24 and 26 December caused significant casualties to Canadian forces in the town .
Canadian casualties in the fighting for the town approached 650 killed or wounded .
However , on 31 December , as V Corps probed along the coastal plain towards Pescara , a blizzard enveloped the battlefield .
Fifth Army where the Allied offensive would continue .
After starting a successful business in his youth , Berkley Fly Co .
He was known for his support of representative democracy and his populist style .
Born in Spirit Lake , Iowa , Bedell was educated in Spirit Lake public schools .
His business involved braiding dog hairs around fishhooks , the result of which could be sold as trout flies .
He began tying the fly @-@ fishing lures in his bedroom , then he moved the business into his parents ' basement .
In time , he got space above a grocery store to continue the business full @-@ time .
When he got back , he began to garner success from his fish tackling business .
Mayne was a staunch supporter of Richard Nixon and secured victory along with the President in a year favorable to the Republicans .
During his time at Congress , Bedell took efforts to uphold representative democracy .
This type of communication told Bedell of the types of issues affecting his farming constituency .
Thus , though Bedell had not farmed in his life , he would take steps in Congress to benefit farmers .
Bedell sponsored several bold initiatives during his tenure in the United States House of Representatives .
One initiative , which came from his constituents ' problems with the barge industry , focused on waterway usage fees .
Bedell 's original plan set the rate the barge industry paid as directly related to the amount the Government spent on waterway projects .
Congress eventually passed a watered @-@ down version of the original plan put forward by Bedell and Senator Pete Domenici .
The compromise version enacted a tax on the gasoline barges used and put it into a " trust " for waterway projects .
He viewed it as lacking a crucial element of the original plan - that of capital recovery .
The trust was optional , and the Government could spend money on waterway projects irrespective of the trust .
The compromise was eventually signed by Jimmy Carter .
Bedell 's original plan never made it through the House of Representatives , but he continued to introduce it in succeeding sessions .
It would not , however , get a floor vote in succeeding sessions .
This plan , backed by labor unions and certain Democrats , passed the Agriculture Committee as an amendment to farm legislation .
It mandated a referendum that would then be used to determine what types of production controls to enact .
On the other hand , opponents of the Bedell plan had a very different view of this legislation .
When the bill got to the floor , an amendment was proposed to strike this provision , and it was passed 251 @-@ 174 .
In these investigations , Bedell quickly gained the support of small gasoline marketers and Congressman Bill Nelson .
The chief target , ARCO , was accused of not paying all of its taxes on Alaskan crude oil .
During the trip , Bedell spoke with soldiers , generals , governmental officials and members of the contras .
His conclusion at the end of the trip was that Ronald Reagan was aiding the contras in violation of federal law .
He promised to hold hearings after returning to Congress .
Bedell became angrier with the Reagan Administration as the decade wore on .
He called his Central American policies " sheer lunacy , " saying that the mining of harbors was an acts of war .
Bedell would retire from Congress before Reagan 's acts in Central America would culminate with the Iran @-@ Contra Affair .
Reagan 's agricultural plan consisted primarily of a gradual reduction in farm subsidies .
He also attacked the Department of Agriculture for " looking backward " when it dismissed the only expert on organic farming .
The proposals generally involved shifting costs for meat inspections and other USDA duties from the federal government to the industry .
Bedell responded by denying any wrongdoing , saying that he has not been personally involved in the company in years .
In the end , no charges were levied against him , and he was reelected after the story was published .
Since then , he has founded a center for alternative medicine and is a noted advocate of health freedom .
The park is named after the Congressman 's wife .
As an opponent of the Vietnam War , Bedell signed a petition urging against United States military intervention in Iraq .
Bedell would later officially endorse Howard Dean 's candidacy .
Australia " is the sixteenth episode of the sixth season of The Simpsons .
In the episode , Bart is indicted for fraud in Australia , and the family travels to the country so Bart can apologize .
The Australian Parliament decides to give him the additional punishment of a boot to his buttocks , but the Simpson family refuses .
The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein and directed by Wes Archer .
It features cultural references to films such as Mad Max 2 and Crocodile Dundee .
It received mixed reception in Australia , with some Australian viewers saying the episode was a mockery of their country .
While in the bathroom , Bart notices that the water in the sink always drains counterclockwise .
To confirm this , Bart makes phone calls to various countries in the southern hemisphere .
Lisa points out how expensive international calls are , so Bart decides to make a collect call instead .
He calls Australia , where a little boy answers the phone .
Pretending to represent the " International Drainage Commission " , Bart is informed that the toilet and sink are both draining clockwise .
Frustrated , Bart asks him to go and check the toilets of the neighbors .
The call takes six hours to complete , since the boy lives in the outback , and Bart forgets to hang up the phone .
Later , the boy 's father is billed A $ 900 ( referred to as " dollarydoos " ) .
The father calls Bart and demands that he pay , but Bart only taunts him .
After a long series of ignored letters , Australia indicts Bart for fraud .
The State Department then settles on having Bart publicly apologize in Australia .
Then they start exploring the local culture .
Bart and Homer escape and the family flees to the American Embassy .
Marge is opposed to the idea , but Bart agrees .
In a scene reminiscent of the Fall of Saigon the Simpson family flees the outraged country in a helicopter .
The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein , and directed by Wes Archer .
They designed Australia and the Australian people very inaccurately and many things were completely made up for fun .
The writers did research on the Coriolis effect for this episode .
The amount of water in a toilet or sink is much too small to be affected by it .
Australia " as part of their Simpsons attraction , called The Simpsons Down Under .
The episode was re @-@ edited and re @-@ animated for the ride and new scenes were included .
The attraction featured motion capture technology , allowing audience members faces and expressions to be transformed into moving cartoon characters .
This episode perpetuated a popular myth that the Coriolis effect affects the motion of drains in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres .
In reality , the Coriolis effect affects global weather patterns .
In its original American broadcast , " Bart vs.
It was the fourth highest rated show on Fox that week .
Since airing , the episode has received positive reviews from fans and television critics .
In a DVD review of the sixth season , Ryan Keefer said " all the Australian jabs you expect to have here are present .
Bart 's international incident is hilarious , from top to bottom .
The phone calls he makes to other countries ( particularly Buenos Aires ) are fantastic .
This is one of the more under appreciated episodes in the series ' run .
The episode received mixed reception in Australia , with some Australian fans saying the episode was a mockery of their country .
Shortly after it had aired , the Simpsons staff received over 100 letters from Australians who were insulted by the episode .
They also received letters from people complaining about the Australian accents used in the episode that " sounded more like South African accents " .
He claimed that they were " condemned in the Australian Parliament after the episode had aired " .
I agree Australia has its faults , as does any other country .
But laughing in our face about it , then mocking our heritage was definitely not called for .
It embarrassed and degraded our country as well as making us look like total idiots " .
Australia was a fantastic choice because it has lots of quirky visual things .
And it 's a country that is really very close to America , very in sync with America .
We are so similar but yet there are all these fantastic differences , familiar yet twisted .
It was intentional to make it very inaccurate .
Despite being criticized for mocking the country , the episode received positive reviews from Australians , too .
He remained in the military after the cessation of hostilities , and joined the New Zealand Staff Corps .
He held staff and administrative positions in New Zealand and , while on an officer exchange program , British India .
After leaving school he was employed by the New Zealand Railways Department as a clerk .
He participated in the cadet program while at school , and later joined the Territorial Force .
In France , he was posted to B Company , Wellington Infantry Battalion with the rank of private .
Andrew 's arrival at the front coincided with the start of the Somme Offensive .
He participated in the Battle of Flers @-@ Courcelette , which began on 15 September , and was wounded .
Under cover of an artillery barrage , the Wellingtons began an advance towards the village .
Andrew was tasked with leading two sections to destroy a machine @-@ gun post .
During the advance , he noticed another machine @-@ gun post that was holding up the advance of another platoon .
On his own initiative , he promptly diverted his force and removed the newly spotted threat with a flanking attack .
He then continued with his men to his original objective .
Braving continuous gunfire , he and his men captured the machine @-@ gun post .
While most of his men withdrew with the gun , he and another man continued to scout further forward .
For most conspicuous bravery when in charge of a small party in an attack on the enemy 's position .
His objective was a machine @-@ gun post which had been located in an isolated building .
He then continued the attack on the machine gun post which had been his original objective .
Andrew was promoted to sergeant the day after his VC @-@ winning action .
The couple had five children although one died in infancy .
On his return to New Zealand he was appointed adjutant of the 1st Wellington Regiment .
Following the outbreak of the Second World War , Andrew was seconded to the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force .
Arriving in June , it spent the remainder of the year on garrison duties in the south of England .
Andrew led the battalion through the subsequent Battle of Greece , during which it saw little action , and the Battle of Crete .
In Crete , the battalion was tasked with the defence of Maleme airfield and the overlooking hill , Point 107 .
Andrew was ordered to maintain control of his positions " at all costs " .
As it happened , most of his forward companies remained intact and were subsequently able to withdraw themselves after finding they had been abandoned .
Andrew was criticised for his withdrawal , which led to the loss of Maleme airfield .
This was a significant factor in allowing the German forces to become established on Crete .
He and the surviving elements of his battalion were later evacuated from Crete .
Despite the setback of Crete , Andrew remained as commander of 22nd Battalion during the early phases of the North African Campaign .
He was promoted to full colonel and commanded the Wellington Fortress Area for the rest of the war .
Andrew was later invited to run for Parliament but declined .
He was buried with full military honours in a ceremony at Levin RSA Cemetery , in Levin .
Andrew 's VC was displayed at the QEII Army Memorial Museum , Waiouru , New Zealand .
Born and raised in Gary , Indiana , she is the eldest child of the Jackson family of musicians .
Her sister La Toya was born on Jackson 's 6th birthday .
It also featured contributions from her children .
Her siblings are Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , La Toya , Brandon ( d .
His wife , Katherine , is a Jehovah 's Witness and raised her children to follow the religion .
Rebbie , La Toya , and Michael became the most devout of the children as time progressed .
Jackson expressed her feelings for the man and proclaimed that she wanted to move with him to Kentucky .
Her father felt that married life would stop her from becoming a success in the entertainment business .
Though Rebbie had taken clarinet , piano and dance lessons in her childhood , she had no interest in a music career .
This was despite the fact that according to brother Jermaine she had won several singing contests , duetting with brother Jackie .
The teenager thought a happy home was more comforting and secure than the instability of show business .
She also wanted to leave her family 's drama @-@ filled home on Jackson Street as well as get away from her controlling father .
Arguments ensued for several weeks before her father relented and allowed Rebbie to wed Brown .
Having the last word on the matter , Joseph refused to walk his daughter down the aisle .
Her five brothers were the main draws , with herself , Randy , Janet , and La Toya serving as fillers for the performances .
Additionally , the brothers were signed to CBS @-@ TV to star with their family in a variety series called The Jacksons .
The initial series run of the 30 @-@ minute programs was four weeks .
The shows marked the first time that an African @-@ American family had ever starred in a television series .
The run of programs concluded shortly afterward .
Prior to the series , Jackson had thought of her singing as merely a private hobby .
Jackson served as a backing vocalist for several musicians around this time , as well as a cabaret singer .
The recording of the album had been a family affair ; it involved several contributions from her relatives .
The latter Jackson also penned " Hey Boy " with his wife Dee Dee .
The most successful song from the album was the million @-@ selling title track , " Centipede " .
Written , arranged and produced by Michael , the song also featured Jackson 's famous brother on backing vocals .
It reached number 4 on the Black Singles Chart and was subsequently certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America .
The album received mixed reviews from journalists and music critics .
Rebbie added that she did not have to worry about " name recognition " .
The album was recorded at Tito 's Ponderosa Studios in Los Angeles , California .
Her brother Tito produced Reaction along with David Conley and David Townsend of the R & B group Surface .
Duets were featured on the album , including one with Cheap Trick lead singer Robin Zander and another with Isaac Hayes .
Jackson was more involved with the production of the album than she had been on her previous releases .
MTV later concluded that the album " struggled " .
Jackson later stated that she performed around the world during this hiatus .
The album featured a remixed version of Jackson 's successful " Centipede " .
Initially , the singer had not wanted to feature the track , believing that it was part of the past .
In addition , two of her other children , Stacee and Yashi , contributed backing vocals for the album .
Fellow producers included Keith Thomas and Eliot Kennedy .
Yours Faithfully 's title track was released as a single and peaked at number 76 on the R & B chart .
The singalong featured Michael 's siblings ( including Rebbie ) and the late singer 's children .
We love you all .
Rebbie Jackson is a contralto with a 3 octave range .
She has an impressive belting range , belting up to F # 5 in her song " Reaction .
Hugh Foliot ( c .
During his time in office , he mostly attended to ecclesiastical duties , but did occasionally serve as a royal administrator .
Foliot possibly was the son of Roger Foliot and his wife Rohese .
Roger held three knight 's fees in Northamptonshire .
Foliot is a frequent witness on charters as archdeacon , but little else is known of his tenure of the office .
Also from this time comes Foliot 's patronage of Robert Grosseteste , the theologian and future Bishop of Lincoln .
Foliot spent most of his tenure of office in his diocese , only rarely attending the royal court or being assigned governmental duties .
He also was appointed to determine the size of the royal forest in Gloucestershire .
Foliot also founded a hospital in Ledbury , devoted to St Katherine .
He helped found Alberbury Priory , a house of the Grandmontine order .
In his cathedral , he reorganised the benefices and offices of the chapter , as well as endowing further benefices .
He was buried in Hereford Cathedral , where his tomb survives .
The series of Jeep Wrangler based vehicles have been produced by Automotive Industries Ltd.
The M @-@ 240 Storm MultiMission Vehicle is the first of three Storm generations .
The Storm was primarily meant to satisfy Israeli military needs , but capable long and short versions are produced for the local civilian market .
Aside from the Israeli market , Storms have long been exported to countries in South America , Asia , and Africa .
The shielding allows for a wide field of view while at the same time protecting against firebombs and rock @-@ throwing .
Modified Storms are popular with off @-@ roading enthusiasts in Israel .
Soldiers ' comfort was addressed as well with the addition of standard rear air conditioning and a compact disc player .
AIL is capable of completing ten vehicles daily .
Due to recently passed tax laws , a civilian version is not yet available in the local market .
It includes a standard 2.8L VM Motori turbodiesel and automatic transmission .
AIL states that if such a thing would happen , a petrol engine version could be offered .
Regarding Export markets , the Storm 3 has already seen use in several countries , especially in its armored version .
It was dubbed " probably , the best Jeep ever " .
A large rear compartment enables the storage of both cargo and communications equipment .
This version comes equipped with an air conditioning system providing maximum comfort in hot climatic conditions .
A roll over protection structure ( ROPS ) maximizes safety conditions for passengers .
The Storm 3 reconnaissance and patrol model allows for extra stowage of fuel , water and equipment .
This version is especially suited to be fitted with various machine gun or special equipment mountings .
Though the season had no official bounds , most tropical cyclone activity occurred during August and September .
Throughout the year , fourteen tropical cyclones formed , of which nine reached tropical storm intensity ; six were hurricanes .
None of the hurricanes reached major hurricane intensity .
The year 's first tropical storm formed on May 19 off the northern coast of Hispaniola .
The season 's final system was a tropical disturbance situated in the Greater Antilles , which dissipated on November 8 .
All three hurricanes in August brought flooding rainfall to areas of the United States .
The first became the wettest tropical cyclone recorded in Louisiana history .
The second hurricane impacted regions of the Southeastern United States , producing record precipitation and killing at least 52 people .
Activity decreased in September , though a damaging hurricane swept through areas of the Canadian Maritimes , resulting in large crop and infrastructural losses .
Two tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm strength were recorded in October , though neither resulted in fatalities .
Collectively , storms in the hurricane season caused 71 fatalities and $ 29 @.@ 329 million in damages .
On May 18 , a weak low @-@ pressure area was detected south of Hispaniola .
The following day , the tropical storm temporarily curved towards the east @-@ southeast before recurving back towards a northeast direction .
At the same time , the storm expanded in size and began to transition into an extratropical cyclone .
On August 3 , an extratropical cyclone developed into a tropical depression off the west coast of Florida .
Initially a weak disturbance , it moved generally westward , slowly gaining in intensity .
Early on August 4 , the depression attained tropical storm intensity .
Ships in the vicinity of the storm reported a much stronger tropical cyclone than initially suggested .
The hurricane moved ashore near Sabine Pass , Texas later that day at peak strength .
The anomalously high tides flooded many of Louisiana 's outlying islands , inundating resorts .
Strong winds caused moderate infrastructural damage , primarily in Texas , though its impact was mainly to communication networks along the U.S.
Gulf Coast which were disrupted by the winds .
Entire ecosystems were also altered by the rainfall .
Overall , the storm caused $ 10 @.@ 75 million in damages and seven fatalities .
Initially moving westward , the tropical storm gradually gained in intensity before making a sharp curve towards the north on August 8 .
The storm continued in a northerly motion before a second curvature brought it in a generally westward direction on August 9 .
Shortly after , the tropical storm reached hurricane intensity as a modern @-@ day Category 1 hurricane .
Once inland , the tropical cyclone gradually weakened , and recurved northeastward before dissipating over the Appalachian Mountains on August 14 .
The hurricane dropped torrential rainfall over the Southeast United States , causing unprecedented devastation in the region .
The storm was considered the worst to impact in the region in at least 29 years .
Precipitation peaked at 20 @.@ 65 in ( 525 mm ) in Idlewild , North Carolina .
The heavy rainfall caused streams to greatly exceed their respective flood stages , damaging waterfront property .
Many of the deaths occurred in North Carolina , where 30 people died .
Transportation was disrupted as a result of the debris scattered by the wind and rain .
In Caldwell County alone , 90 percent of bridges were swept away .
Overall , the storm caused 50 fatalities and $ 13 million in damages .
On August 26 , a low @-@ pressure area in the open Atlantic Ocean became sufficiently organized to be classified as a tropical cyclone .
The hurricane passed within 85 mi ( 135 km ) of Cape Hatteras before recurving towards the northeast .
The storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone the next day while making another landfall on New Brunswick .
The extratropical remnants persisted into Quebec before merging with a larger extratropical system late on September 3 .
Despite not making landfall on the United States , the hurricane caused widespread damage .
Extensive precautionary measures were undertaken across the coast , particularly in New England .
This would make the storm the wettest in state history .
The resultant floods damaged infrastructure , mostly to road networks .
Damage in the state amounted to $ 4 million .
Further north in New England , strong winds were reported , though damage remained minimal .
Overall , the hurricane caused $ 4 @.@ 05 million in damage , primarily due to flooding in New Jersey , and seven fatalities .
Moving into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence later that day , the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone .
The remnant system curved eastward and passed over Newfoundland before dissipating over the Atlantic on September 19 .
Two other boat incidents resulted in two deaths .
The hurricane also brought strong winds of tropical storm @-@ force and snow over areas of New England .
In New Brunswick , the waves hurt the lobster fishing industry .
In Nova Scotia , strong winds disrupted telecommunication and power services .
The winds also severely damaged crops .
Strong winds in New Brunswick caused moderate to severe infrastructural damage , and additional damages to crops occurred there .
Overall , the hurricane caused three fatalities , with two off of the United States and one in New Brunswick .
Once inland , the tropical cyclone curved eastward and weakened before dissipating the next day , after becoming absorbed by a frontal boundary .
Upon making landfall , the tropical storm produced strong winds over a wide area .
Heavy rainfall was also reported , though the rains mainly occurred to the east of the passing tropical cyclone .
Precipitation peaked at 10 in ( 254 mm ) in Ville Platte , Louisiana .
The tropical storm produced three tornadoes over the Southern United States which collecitvely caused $ 39 @,@ 000 in damage and caused two fatalities .
Two of the tornadoes formed in Mississippi while one formed in Louisiana .
Several other people were also injured by the tornadoes .
In late September , a tropical wave persisted in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
The tropical cyclone continued to the east @-@ northeast , where it gradually intensified .
The following day , the hurricane recurved westward , where it weakened before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone on September 28 .
This remnant system subsequently dissipated .
As a result of the impending storm , several Pan Am Clipper flights to the archipelago were suspended for three consecutive days .
The maximum reported gust in the Azores was an observation of 65 mph ( 100 km / h ) on September 25 .
As a result of moving slowly over the islands , torrential rainfall was also reported .
Strong storm surge was reported at the same location .
The waves swept boats away from the coasts of islands .
Further inland , there was extensive damage to homes and crops , though no people died .
Despite evidence that the system had distinct tropical characteristics , it was not operationally added to HURDAT .
On October 19 , a low @-@ pressure area moved into the southwestern Caribbean Sea .
Initially , the tropical cyclone moved very slowly towards the west and then the northwest .
Several vessels in the storm 's vicinity reported strong gusts and rough seas generated by the storm .
Castilla reported a minimum pressure of 983 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 03 inHg ) near the periphery of the storm .
Reports of damage were limited , though a report stated that considerable damage had occurred where the hurricane made landfall .
On October 23 , an open trough was centered north of Hispaniola near the Turks and Caicos islands .
Initially , the storm drifted northward , but later began to accelerate towards the northeast after a roughly 12 @-@ hour period .
Once transitioning into an extratropical system , the storm continued to intensified as it moved northward .
Had the storm been tropical at the time , it would have been classified as a modern @-@ day Category 1 hurricane .
Due to their weak intensity , however , they were not added to HURDAT .
The depression initially moved to the southeast , but later recurved towards the northwest over the next two days .
On September 4 , the S.S.
The depression later moved to the northeast before it was absorbed by a stationary front on September 7 .
Since there was only one report that the disturbance may have reached tropical storm intensity , it was not included in HURDAT .
Later on September 10 , a trough was detected in a similar region in the Atlantic where the first depression formed .
The trough later became sufficiently organized to be classified as a tropical depression .
The cyclone moved slowly to the east and did not further intensify before dissipating on September 13 .
On October 9 , the extratropical system was analyzed to have become a tropical depression .
The low moved slowly to the northeast and gradually weakened before dissipating on October 10 .
On October 14 , offshore observations indicated that a tropical depression had developed north of The Bahamas .
The following day , however , the depression became less defined and degenerated into a trough of low pressure .
However , since these reports occurred in a higher pressure gradient , the system was not included in HURDAT .
On November 2 , a trough of low @-@ pressure was analyzed near the Lesser Antilles .
The system moved westward into the Caribbean Sea without much organization .
The depression moved over Cuba and into the Atlantic , where it dissipated the following day .
Inspired by the bird 's song , Keats composed the poem in one day .
The nightingale described within the poem experiences a type of death but does not actually die .
Instead , the songbird is capable of living through its song , which is a fate that humans cannot expect .
The poem ends with an acceptance that pleasure cannot last and that death is an inevitable part of life .
Sometime between these two , he wrote " Ode to a Nightingale " .
The poem was composed at the Hampstead house Keats shared with Brown , possibly while sitting beneath a plum tree in the garden .
On inquiry , I found those scraps , four or five in number , contained his poetic feelings on the song of the nightingale .
However , Keats relied on both his own imagination and other literature as sources for his depiction of the nightingale .
However , he worked on the four poems together , and there is a unity in both their stanza forms and their themes .
The exact order the poems were written in is also unknown , but they form a sequence within their structures .
Elmes paid Keats a small sum of money , and the poem was published in the July issue .
This combination of structures is similar to that in " Ode on a Grecian Urn " .
In both poems the dual form creates a sort of dramatic element within the poem .
The stanza forms of the poem is a combination of elements from Petrarchan sonnets and Shakespearean sonnets .
This alteration is continued in longer lines , including line 31 ( " Away !
Such a reliance on assonance is found in very few English poems .
Within " Ode to a Nightingale " , an example of this pattern can be found in line 35 ( " Already with thee !
This system of assonance can be found in approximately a tenth of the lines of Keats 's later poetry .
Singest of summer in full @-@ throated ease .
O for a draught of vintage !
O for a beaker full of the warm South !
Or new Love pine at them beyond to @-@ morrow .
Through verdurous glooms and winding mossy ways .
The murmurous haunt of flies on summer eves .
In such an ecstasy !
To thy high requiem become a sod .
Thou wast not born for death , immortal Bird !
Of perilous seas , in faery lands forlorn .
To toll me back from thee to my sole self !
As she is famed to do , deceiving elf .
Was it a vision , or a waking dream ?
The nightingale is also the object of empathy and praise within the poem .
However , there is a difference between an urn and a nightingale in that the nightingale is not an eternal entity .
As such , the nightingale would represent an enchanting presence and , unlike the urn , is directly connected to nature .
As natural music , the song is for beauty and lacks a message of truth .
Their songbird is a happy nightingale that lacks the melancholic feel of previous poetic depictions .
However , there is tension in that the narrator holds Keats 's guilt regarding the death of Tom Keats , his brother .
The song 's conclusion represents the result of trying to escape into the realm of fancy .
The nightingale is distant and mysterious , and even disappears at the end of the poem .
The dream image emphasizes the shadowiness and elusiveness of the poem .
However , the experience does not last forever , and the body is left desiring it until the narrator feels helpless without the pleasure .
Instead of embracing the coming truth , the narrator clings to poetry to hide from the loss of pleasure .
Responding to this emphasis on pleasure , Albert Guerard , Jr.
Death was a constant theme that permeated aspects of Keats poetry because he was exposed to death of his family members throughout his life .
Within the poem , there are many images of death .
The nightingale experiences a sort of death and even the god Apollo experiences death , but his death reveals his own divine state .
As Perkins explains , " But , of course , the nightingale is not thought to be literally dying .
The point is that the deity or the nightingale can sing without dying .
Contemporary critics of Keats enjoyed the poem , and it was heavily quoted in their reviews .
The third and seventh stanzas have a charm for us which we should find it difficult to explain .
We have read this ode over and over again , and every time with increased delight .
It does not follow that what is not true to them , is not true to others .
If the relief is real , the mixture is good and sufficing .
Never was the voice of death sweeter .
These are the vision .
The rest is only Poetry .
Bridge 's view of " Ode to a Nightingale " was taken up by H.
Leavis wrote , " One remembers the poem both as recording , and as being for the reader , an indulgence .
It contains some complications which we must not gloss over if we are to appreciate the depth and significance of the issues engaged .
Fogle also responded directly to the claims made by Leavis : " I find Mr.
Leavis too austere , but he points out a quality which Keats plainly sought for .
His profusion and prodigality is , however , modified by a principle of sobriety .
Although the poem was defended by a few critics , E.
Pettet returned to the argument that the poem lacked a structure and emphasized the word " forlorn " as evidence of his view .
Responding to the claims about Milton and Keats 's shortcomings , critics like R.
Similarly , Spiegelman claimed that Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream had " flavored and ripened the later poem " .
Scott Fitzgerald took the title of his novel Tender is the Night from the 35th line of the ode .
The poem is quoted in Chapter 1 of P.
Moored buoys are connected with the ocean bottom using either chains , nylon , or buoyant polypropylene .
Wind data from buoys has smaller error than that from ships .
Data ( air and water temperature , atmospheric pressure and relative humidity ) were encoded and transmitted four times a day .
Since they lie in oceans and lakes , they also measure water temperature , wave height , and dominant wave period .
Both moored buoys and drifting buoys ( drifting in the open ocean currents ) are used .
Fixed buoys measure the water temperature at a depth of 3 metres ( 9 @.@ 8 ft ) .
Many different drifting buoys exist around the world that vary in design and the location of reliable temperature sensors varies .
These measurements are beamed to satellites for automated and immediate data distribution .
Moored weather buoys can also act as a navigational aid , like other types of buoys .
Weather buoys range in diameter from 1 @.@ 5 metres ( 4 @.@ 9 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) .
The aluminum 3 @-@ metre ( 10 ft ) buoy is a very rugged meteorological ocean platform that has long term survivability .
The NOMAD is a unique moored aluminum environmental monitoring buoy designed for deployments in extreme conditions near the coast and across the Great Lakes .
Environment Canada operates and deploys buoys for their country .
The Met Office in Great Britain deploys drifting buoys across both the northern and southern Atlantic oceans .
Wind reports from moored buoys have smaller error than those from ships .
Fixed buoys measure the water temperature at a depth of 3 metres ( 10 ft ) .
During the engagement , Wiesbaden hit Marlborough with a torpedo that eventually forced her to withdraw .
She was also involved in the Greco @-@ Turkish War .
Her propulsion system consisted of four Parsons steam turbines , with steam provided by eighteen Babcock & Wilcox boilers .
She had a crew of 995 officers and enlisted men ; during wartime this increased to up to 1 @,@ 022 .
Close @-@ range defence against torpedo boats was provided by a secondary armament of twelve BL 6 @-@ inch Mk VII guns .
She was protected by a main armoured belt that was 12 in ( 305 mm ) thick over the ship 's vitals .
Her deck was 2 @.@ 5 in ( 64 mm ) thick .
Marlborough initially joined the Home Fleets , where she served as the flagship for Sir Lewis Bayly .
Marlborough was assigned as the flagship of the 1st Battle Squadron , where she served for the duration of the conflict .
The fleet was back in port in Scapa Flow by 27 November .
On 25 December , the fleet sortied for a sweep in the North Sea , which concluded on 27 December without event .
The fleet conducted gunnery training in mid @-@ June .
Throughout the rest of the month , the Grand Fleet conducted numerous training exercises .
On 13 October , the majority of the fleet conducted a sweep into the North Sea , returning to port on 15 October .
As a result , the operation was confined to the northern end of the sea .
The Grand Fleet did not arrive in the area until after the Germans had withdrawn .
The fleet sailed in concert with Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper 's five battlecruisers and supporting cruisers and torpedo boats .
The Royal Navy 's Room 40 had intercepted and decrypted German radio traffic containing plans of the operation .
Fifteen minutes later , Jellicoe gave the order to turn and deploy the fleet for action .
Marlborough 's gunners claimed to have made hits with the 5th and 7th salvos but these claims are unlikely .
Her guns were then masked by a burning cruiser , probably the armoured cruiser HMS Warrior .
Marlborough joined the group of battleships battering the German light cruiser SMS Wiesbaden at 18 : 25 .
She fired five salvos , before a premature detonation in the right barrel of " A " turret disabled the gun .
She also engaged the ship with her secondary battery .
Burney initially reported to Jellicoe that his ship had struck a mine or had been hit by a torpedo at 18 : 57 .
Three more torpedoes approached Marlborough at 19 : 33 .
She evaded the first two and the third harmlessly passed under the ship .
Marlborough thereafter proceeded northward at a speed of 11 knots ( 20 km / h ; 13 mph ) .
Fearless rejoined Marlborough around 04 : 00 and both ships briefly fired at the German zeppelin L11 .
Jellicoe ordered Marlborough to proceed to the Humber for temporary repairs .
The torpedo hit had killed two men and wounded another two .
These alterations were the result of the British experience at Jutland , where three battlecruisers had been destroyed by magazine explosions .
She was briefly replaced in this role by Emperor of India in May and she temporarily became a private ship .
The massive fleet consisted of some 370 British , American , and French warships .
On the morning of 18 April , Good Friday , the ship sailed for Malta .
The ship departed on 18 April , bound for Malta to deposit the Russians , before returning to Constantinople .
During this period , she operated a kite balloon to aid in spotting the fall of shot .
Later that month , a shell broke up in the left barrel of " A " turret and caused minor damage .
On 6 July , British forces landed at Gemlik , while Marlborough provided artillery support .
During the refit , range dials were installed , along with another range @-@ finder on the rear superstructure .
The aircraft platform was removed from " B " turret .
Long @-@ base range @-@ finders were installed on " X " turret .
She served as the second command flagship until October .
There , the battleships served as training ships .
She remained in the position for only five months , being decommissioned on 5 June .
The ship was used as a target to test the effect of various weapons on capital ships , along with Emperor of India .
The Royal Navy determined that the HE bombs were useless , but that thick deck armour would be required to defeat AP bombs .
On 25 June , she arrived in Rosyth , where she was broken up for scrap .
Trained extensively in amphibious warfare and unconventional warfare , the 766th Regiment was considered a special forces commando unit .
Over the next six weeks the regiment advanced slowly down the Korean Peninsula , acting as a forward unit of the North Korean army .
The regiment saw its final action at the Battle of P 'ohang @-@ dong , fighting unsuccessfully to take the town from U.N.
It moved north , joining a concentration of other KPA units , before being disbanded and absorbed into the KPA 's 12th Division .
Upon creation , the 766th Unit was designed to vary in size , consisting of a number of smaller units capable of acting alone .
These units subverted South Korean authority before and during the war with terror campaigns , sabotage and inducing rebellions in ROK military units .
During this time , North Korean leadership also ordered the creation of large conventional units to act as advance forces for the actual invasion .
The academy was specially designed to train commandos , and the 766th was originally designed to supervise North Korean light infantry ranger units .
Over the next year , the 766th Unit received extensive training in unconventional warfare and amphibious warfare .
During this time , the unit was expanded in size to 3 @,@ 000 men in six battalions .
The 766th was in position by June 23 and prepared for the attack .
The unit was moved to the ports of Wonsan and Kansong and loaded into ships .
The regiment was split into three groups for the attack .
Three battalions acted as spearheads for the 5th Division on land while two more battalions conducted the landings in Imwonjin .
This 2 @,@ 500 man force reassembled and then led the North Korean units south .
In the meantime , the 3rd Battalion , 766th Regiment was detached and sent on a mission to infiltrate Pusan .
Paired with additional support , it formed the 600 @-@ man 588th Unit .
The two battalions separated ; one headed into the T 'aeback Mountains and the second advanced north toward Samcheok .
The ROK 21st Regiment , 8th Division 's southernmost unit , moved to counter the amphibious attack .
They were able to drive back the 766th Regiment 's northern advance .
ROK troops mustered a civilian militia to help fight the North Koreans , which was only moderately effective .
The embattled ROK 8th Division was forced to withdraw under overwhelming attacks and breakdowns in communication on July 27 .
With the retreat of the ROK 6th Division , the entire ROK eastern flank was forced back .
The 766th Regiment had been successful in establishing a bridgehead and disrupting communications in the initial attack .
Across the entire front the North Korean Army had successfully routed the South Koreans and was pushing them south .
The rugged terrain of the eastern regions of Korea , poor communication equipment , and unreliable resupply lines thwarted the South Korean resistance .
The North Koreans used this to their advantage in advancing but they began to experience the same problems themselves .
However , this more cautious advance began to give the South Koreans valuable time to build up further south .
The ROK 23rd Regiment of the ROK 3rd Division was moved to block the advance of the three units at Uljin .
The ROK regiment was subsequently able to hold up the North Korean advance until July 5 .
From here , the 766th dispersed in small groups into the mountains .
On July 13 it reached Pyonghae @-@ ri , 25 miles ( 40 km ) north of Yongdok .
United Nations air support began to increase , slowing the advance further .
On its flank was the KPA 's 12th Division .
Progress halted as UN aerial and naval bombardment made movement more difficult .
Still , it was able to surround the ROK 3rd Division in the city .
The 3rd Division , in the meantime , was ordered to remain in the city to delay the North Koreans as long as possible .
It was eventually evacuated by sea after delaying North Korean forces for a considerable time .
However the 766th had suffered significant setbacks at Yongdok , with substantial losses due to American and British naval artillery fire .
Once it arrived in the area , it met heavier resistance from South Korean police and militia operating in armored vehicles .
With air support , they offered the heaviest resistance the unit had faced thus far .
Movement from the ROK Capital Division prevented the 766th Regiment from infiltrating further into the mountains .
ROK cavalry and civilian police then began isolated counteroffensives against the 766th .
These forces included special counter @-@ guerrilla units targeting the 766th and countering its tactics .
Unopposed , they began to prepare to attack P 'ohang to secure entry into the UN 's newly established Pusan Perimeter .
The Regiment was ordered to begin an attack in coordination with the KPA 's 5th Division .
By this time , however , North Korean logistics had been stretched to their limit , and resupply became increasingly difficult .
They were also exhausted from over a month of advancing , though morale remained high among the 766th troops .
The 766th Regiment specialized in raiding UN supply lines , and effectively mounted small disruptive attacks against UN targets to equip themselves .
The South Korean forces engaged the 766th forces around the village 's middle school with small @-@ arms fire until noon .
At that point , North Korean armored vehicles moved in to reinforce the 766th troops and drove the South Koreans out of the village .
The village was strategically important because it was one of the few direct routes through the mountains and into the Gyeongsang plain .
It also led directly to the land routes being used by the UN to reinforce Taegu .
He also ordered ROK and US forces to secure regions around the village to prevent further advance of the North Korean troops .
Within a few hours , the village was being blasted by artillery forcing the Regiment 's advance force to pull back .
The 766th 's forces congregated and fought in the hills around the village .
They joined elements of the KPA 's 5th Division , and did not enter P 'ohang until night .
UN forces responded to the threat with overwhelming numbers .
ROK troops attacked toward An 'gang @-@ ni to the east , forcing the KPA 's 12th Division into a full retreat .
Threatened with encirclement , the KPA 's 5th Division and 766th Regiment were ordered into full retreat on August 17 .
By this time , the 766th had been reduced to 1 @,@ 500 men , half its original strength .
The 766th Regiment was also ordered to merge its remaining troops into the depleted KPA 's 12th Division .
It had trained for close to 14 months prior to the war but fought for less than two .
The show documents the life of a polygamist family , which includes patriarch Kody Brown , his four wives , and their 18 children .
Brown believes his polygamist arrangement is legal because he is legally married only to one woman , and the other marriages are spiritual unions .
The series led to the Brown family being investigated for possible prosecution .
Sullivan was the first new wife to enter the family in 16 years .
The other marriages are considered spiritual unions .
Kody and Meri have a daughter named Mariah , their only child .
Kody and Janelle have six children : daughters Madison and Savanah and sons Logan , Hunter , Garrison , and Gabriel .
Kody and Christine have six children : daughters Aspyn , Mykelti , Gwendlyn , Ysabel , and Truely and son Paedon .
Robyn had three children from her first marriage , which was monogamous : Dayton , Aurora , and Breanna .
Kody and Robyn have two children : son Solomon and daughter Ariella .
Meri , Robyn , and Christine were all raised in polygamist families , but Janelle was not .
Although Christine 's mother left the faith she still supports them .
Months before the marriage of Janelle and Kody , however , Janelle 's mother entered into a polygamist marriage with Kody 's father .
The Brown family belongs to the Apostolic United Brethren ( AUB .
The crews continued to film them afterward in case the series was picked up for a second season .
The broadcast of Sister Wives came at a time that polygamy and multiple marriages were a prevalent topic in American pop culture .
The new relationship creates insecurity and jealousy among the other three wives , but they ultimately accept her and welcome her into the family .
Kody proposes in vitro fertilisation , but she turns down the idea as she is only interested in a naturally occurring conception .
As Robyn 's wedding approaches , the three sister wives help Robyn prepare , and they begin to bond .
Kody eventually apologizes , and the five reconcile .
During Season 2 we also learn more about Meri 's personal struggle with her risk of cancer and the loss of her sister .
Realtor , Mona Riekki finds rental homes for each of the wives and Kody .
In the last episode before the hiatus , Robyn announces that she is expecting her and Kody 's first child .
The episodes following the Season 2 hiatus focus largely on Robyn 's pregnancy and the kids ' adjustment to their new lives .
During these episodes the Browns also explore possible businesses that the five of them ( Kody and the sister wives ) can run together .
Mona Riekki is back in this season and is working with the family on finding a permanent home in Vegas .
The twenty one episode season mainly dealt with the family 's inability to be a cohesive unit while living in four separate homes .
Meri explains more about the infertility problems she has experienced , while Christine discloses more on her jealousy of Robyn .
It is more evident this season that living in separate homes is tearing the family apart .
It chronicles the family as they move into four adjacent houses within the same neighborhood .
The wives are still working on starting their jewelry business .
Meri comes to a decision following Robyn 's offer to be her surrogate .
Season 5 begins with two daughters graduating high school , Mykelti and Madison .
By the end of the season , Meri and Kody maintained that they would continue their relationship .
Sister Wives drew national media attention after its first season and garnered generally mixed reviews from critics .
Velasco said it has " a natural , honest presence in a genre fabled for the camera @-@ hogging antics of Jersey Shore " .
Puterman added , " I can 't speak for everyone , but I believe in the sanctity of marriage .
It 's sad to see that TLC 's capitalizing on people who don 't .
Several commentators have taken notice of the fact that the family 's religious convictions are downplayed in Sister Wives .
The remaining episodes of the first season were each a half @-@ hour long , with two broadcast together each Thursday .
In the second week , the first episode drew 1 @.@ 88 million viewers , while the second drew 2 @.@ 13 million .
In the film , Bond is dispatched to Japan after American and Soviet manned spacecraft disappear mysteriously in orbit .
The film reveals the appearance of Blofeld , who was previously a partially unseen character .
During the filming in Japan , it was announced that Sean Connery would retire from the role of Bond .
You Only Live Twice was a great success , receiving positive reviews and grossing over $ 111 million in worldwide box office .
An American NASA spacecraft is hijacked from orbit by an unidentified spacecraft .
Upon his arrival , Bond is contacted by Aki , assistant to the Japanese secret service leader Tiger Tanaka while watching sumo .
Aki introduces Bond to local MI6 operative Dikko Henderson .
Henderson claims to have critical evidence about the rogue craft , but is killed before he can elaborate .
Once there , Bond subdues the driver and breaks into the office safe of president Mr.
After stealing documents , Bond is pursued by armed security , but is rescued by Aki , who flees to a secluded subway station .
Bond chases her , but falls down a trap door leading to Tanaka 's office .
Bond goes to Osato Chemicals to meet Mr.
Osato himself , masquerading as a potential new buyer .
Osato humours Bond but , after their meeting , orders his secretary , Helga Brandt , to have him killed .
Outside the building , assassins open fire on Bond before Aki rescues him again .
Bond and Aki drive to Kobe , where the Ning @-@ Po is docked .
They investigate the company 's dock facilities and discover that the ship was delivering elements for rocket fuel .
They are discovered , but Bond eludes the henchmen until Aki gets away ; however , Bond himself is captured and knocked out .
He wakes , tied up in SPECTRE operative Helga Brandt 's cabin on the Ning @-@ Po .
She interrogates Bond , but he thinks he has managed to bribe his way to freedom .
Brandt then flies Bond to Tokyo but , en route , she sets off a flare in the plane and bails out .
Bond manages to land the plane .
After finding out where the Ning @-@ Po unloaded , Bond flies over the area in a heavily armed autogyro created by Q.
Near a volcano , Bond is attacked by helicopters , which he defeats , confirming his suspicions that the enemy 's base is nearby .
A Soviet spacecraft is then captured in orbit by another unidentified craft , heightening tensions between Russia and the US .
The mysterious spaceship lands in an extensive base hidden inside the volcano .
It is revealed that the true mastermind behind this is Ernst Stavro Blofeld and SPECTRE .
Blofeld instructs Osato to kill Bond .
Bond trains with Tanaka 's ninjas , during which an attempted assassination kills Aki instead .
Bond is disguised as an Oriental in a fake marriage to Tanaka 's student , Kissy Suzuki .
Acting on a lead from Suzuki , the pair reconnoiter a cave and the volcano above it .
However , Blofeld spots Bond , and he is detained while Bird One is launched .
Bird One closes in on the American space capsule , and US forces prepare to launch a nuclear attack on the USSR .
Meanwhile , the Japanese ninjas approach the base 's entrance , but are detected and fired upon .
Bond manages to open the hatch , letting in the ninjas .
The Americans stand down their forces .
Blofeld activates the base 's self @-@ destruct system and escapes .
Bond , Kissy , Tanaka , and the surviving ninjas leave before the base explodes .
Sean Connery as James Bond : An MI6 agent .
Akiko Wakabayashi as Aki : An agent with the Japanese SIS who assists Bond .
Mie Hama as Kissy Suzuki : An Ama diving girl who replaces Aki after her death .
Donald Pleasence as Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The megalomaniacal head of the terrorist syndicate known as SPECTRE .
He intends to ignite a global nuclear war .
Osato : A Japanese industrialist secretly affiliated to SPECTRE .
Karin Dor as Helga Brandt / No.
Bernard Lee as M : The head of MI6 .
Charles Gray as Dikko Henderson : British contact living in Japan .
Burt Kwouk as Spectre 3 : one of Blofeld 's henchmen .
Lois Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny : M 's secretary .
Desmond Llewelyn as Q : Head of MI6 technical department .
Tsai Chin as Ling : Undercover MI6 agent in Hong Kong .
Ronald Rich as Hans : Blofeld 's personal bodyguard .
David Toguri as Assassin in Bedroom : one of Osato 's henchmen , who kills Aki .
Peter Maivia as Car Driver : one of Osato 's henchmen , who fights Bond .
Lewis Gilbert originally declined the offer to direct , but accepted after producer Albert R.
Broccoli called him saying : " You can 't give up this job .
It 's the largest audience in the world .
That flight crashed 25 minutes after takeoff , killing all on board .
In Tokyo , the crew also found Hunt , who decided to go on holiday after having his request to direct declined .
Hunt was invited to direct the second unit for You Only Live Twice and accepted the job .
This is in keeping with Fleming 's original novel , which also devoted a number of pages to the discussion of Japanese culture .
Toho Studios provided soundstages , personnel , and the female Japanese stars to the producers .
The producers had Harold Jack Bloom come to Japan with them to write a screenplay .
Among the elements were the opening with Bond 's fake death and burial at sea , and the ninja attack .
Other directors have such an ego that they want to rewrite it and put their own dialogue in , and it 's usually disastrous .
What I admired so much about Lewis Gilbert was that he just took the screenplay and shot it .
That 's the way to direct : You either trust your writer or you don 't .
When the time came to begin You Only Live Twice , the producers were faced with the problem of a disenchanted star .
Saltzman and Broccoli were able to persuade Connery by increasing his fee for the film , but geared up to look for a replacement .
Jan Werich was originally cast by producer Harry Saltzman to play Blofeld .
Upon his arrival at the Pinewood set , both producer Albert R.
Broccoli and director Lewis Gilbert felt that he was a poor choice , resembling a " poor , benevolent Santa Claus " .
Nonetheless , in an attempt to make the casting work , Gilbert continued filming .
He found it uncomfortable , though , because of the glue that attached it to his eye .
Dor performed the stunt of diving into a pool to depict Helga 's demise herself , without the use of a double .
Strangely , for the German version Dor was dubbed by somebody else .
A number of actual martial arts experts were hired as the ninjas .
The two Japanese female parts proved difficult to cast , due to most of the actresses tested having limited English .
Akiko Wakabayashi and Mie Hama were eventually chosen and started taking English classes in the UK .
Wakabayashi only requested that her character name , " Suki " , be changed to " Aki " .
The film was shot primarily in Japan .
His private transportation hub was filmed at the Tokyo Metro 's Nakano @-@ shimbashi Station .
Large crowds were present in Japan to see the shooting .
A Japanese fan began following Sean Connery with a camera , and the police were called several times to prevent invasions during shooting .
Little Nellie was named after music hall star Nellie Wallace , who has a similar surname to its inventor .
Wallis piloted his invention , which was equipped with various mock @-@ up armaments by John Stears ' special effects team , during production .
A scene filming the helicopters from above created a major downdraft and cameraman John Jordan 's foot was severed by the craft 's rotor .
The concluding shots involved explosions , which the Japanese government did not allow in a national park .
So , the crew moved to Torremolinos , Spain , which was found to resemble the Japanese landscape .
Sean Connery 's then wife Diane Cilento did the swimming scenes for at least five Japanese actresses , including Mie Hama .
Martial arts expert Donn F.
Draeger provided martial arts training , and also doubled for Connery .
Lewis Gilbert 's regular editor , Thelma Connell , was originally hired to edit the film .
However , after her initial , almost three @-@ hour cut received a terrible response from test audiences , Peter R.
Hunt was asked to re @-@ edit the film .
Hunt 's cut proved a much greater success , and he was awarded the director 's chair on the next film as a result .
The soundtrack was the fourth of the series to be composed by John Barry .
He tried to incorporate the " elegance of the Oriental sound " with Japanese music @-@ inspired tracks .
Barry declared that the final song uses 25 different takes .
British singer Julie Rogers recorded an alternative song for the titles , but this was not used .
The movie soundtrack song is widely recognised for its striking opening bars and oriental flavour , and was far more popular on radio .
The record release made No.
Both versions of the title song are available on CD .
Shirley Bassey , who has three original Bond themes to her credit , has also covered the song .
A different title song was originally recorded by Julie Rogers , but eventually discarded .
Rogers ' version only appeared in a James Bond 30th Anniversary CD , with no singer credit .
To promote the film , Eon Productions produced a one @-@ hour colour television programme entitled Welcome to Japan , Mr.
Bond regulars Lois Maxwell and Desmond Llewelyn appeared playing respectively " Miss Moneypenny " and " Q " .
Kate O 'Mara appears as Miss Moneypenny 's assistant .
The programme shows clips from You Only Live Twice and the then four existing Bond films.
You Only Live Twice premiered at the Odeon Leicester Square in London .
It was the first premiere of a James Bond film that Queen Elizabeth II attended .
The film grossed $ 43 million in the United States and over $ 111 million worldwide .
Critical response today is mostly positive , with Rotten Tomatoes giving a 72 % rating .
But most reviews pointed out various flaws in the film .
Roger Ebert criticised the focus on gadgets , declaring that the James Bond formula " fails to work its magic " .
Christopher Null considered the film one of James Bond 's most memorable adventures , but the plot " protracting and quite confusing " .
Ali Barclay of BBC Films panned Dahl 's script displaying " a whole new world of villainy and technology .
But Norman Wilner of MSN chose it as the fifth worst , criticising the plot , action scenes and little screentime for Blofeld .
The planet has a mass of nearly half that of Jupiter , but a radius five @-@ fourths the size of Jupiter .
This low relative mass might be caused by a core that is of low mass or that is not present at all .
The planet orbits at approximately 5 % of the distance between the Sun and Earth every four days .
Analysis of the SOPHIE and FIES data were used to constrain some of the orbiting body 's characteristics .
The discovery of the orbiting body 's mass using radial velocity measurements led to its confirmation as the planet WASP @-@ 13b .
The RISE photometric camera on the Liverpool Telescope was used to detect further transits .
The study also noted that a limb darkening effect was present , a characteristic that may affect future atmospheric studies of the planet .
WASP @-@ 13 is a sunlike G @-@ type star located in the Lynx constellation .
These characteristics are re @-@ defined taking limb darkening into account .
WASP @-@ 13 has an apparent magnitude of 10 @.@ 42 , making it invisible to the unaided eye as seen from Earth .
The planet is , in other words , less than half the mass of Jupiter , but slightly less than fourteen tenths its size .
They were the first major artist to hold a concert in the city after the end of the Bosnian War .
Approximately 45 @,@ 000 fans attended the show .
These link @-@ ups were the subject of criticism from journalists for mixing entertainment with human tragedy .
The performance consequently featured the tour 's extravagant stage , and the band played a set list typical of the tour .
Among the songs played was " Miss Sarajevo " , written by U2 and Brian Eno about a beauty pageant held during the war .
The members of U2 consider the show to be among their proudest moments .
The concert was lauded by Bosnians .
Meanwhile , throughout the country , thousands of predominantly Bosniak civilians were driven from their homes in a process of ethnic cleansing .
In Sarajevo , women and children attempting to buy food were frequently terrorized by Bosnian Serb sniper fire .
Carter described his experiences in Sarajevo helping Bosnians while surviving the dangerous living conditions .
Feeling that such an aim was empty if ignoring the Bosnians ' plight , Carter sought Bono 's help .
He said , " even if all we get is some extra attention for Bosnia on MTV , that 's something " .
Going to Sarajevo seems to me to fall into that category .
I think it would endanger the people we go with , endanger the tour , and endanger the band .
Instead , the group agreed to use the tour 's satellite dish to conduct live video transmissions from their concerts to Carter in Sarajevo .
Carter returned to the city and assembled a video unit .
To reach the building , they had to traverse an area known as " Sniper Alley " .
This was done a total of 12 times over the course of a month .
During the broadcasts , Carter discussed the deteriorating situation in the city , and Bosnians often spoke to U2 and their audience .
Reactions to the transmissions were mixed .
Many fans felt the transmissions disrupted the flow of the concerts .
Most of the British press was highly critical .
One writer for NME wrote , " The Bosnian linkup was beyond bad taste .
Guitarist The Edge said , " We don 't normally see that kind of cold hard news .
We get a very sanitized , editorialized take on everything ...
When you watch the television news , you are getting something palatable , whereas this was really quite unpalatable most of the time .
And for that reason I think it affected people very much , including us .
You 're going to go back to a rock show .
You 're going to forget that we even exist .
And we 're all going to die .
One such act was a beauty pageant organized by Bosnian women who planned to fight the war with their " lipstick and heels " .
But we tried to live a normal life .
It was some kind of a defence mechanism we all had .
That was the feeling .
I had tried to tackle subjects like this head @-@ on , but I 'd learnt a lesson .
You have to try and make the same points , in a different , less direct , more surrealist way .
Music journalist Andrew Mueller described China Drum 's experience in a single van as a " logistical and administrative nightmare " .
Muhamed Sacirbey , the Bosnian Ambassador to the United Nations , helped U2 make arrangements , playing an informal role as promoter and organizer .
McGuinness said , " We thought it was going to be quite difficult .
But it 's been quite straightforward .
People have just wanted to help .
They wanted the lemon !
To come here and not do the whole show would have been rude .
At the time , rumours about the region 's instability persisted .
For the stage to reach Sarajevo , the road crew had to drive the equipment and stage through war @-@ torn Bosnia .
Stage and lighting designer Willie Williams commented that " when the truck drivers arrived you could see that they were changed men " .
The only trouble in transporting the stage came when a border control agent prevented them from crossing the border for hours .
Despite this , a day before the concert , 15 @,@ 000 tickets remained unsold .
Three @-@ hundred local residents were employed to help assemble the stage and promote the show .
Several hundred members of the international " Stabilisation Force " ( SFOR ) were tasked with upholding the Dayton Agreement for the concert .
The band were overwhelmed by the sights they saw when arriving .
Although the venue had escaped the worst of the shelling , the nearby Olympic Hall Zetra had been badly damaged during the war .
Despite its condition , U2 used the building for their dressing rooms and offices .
Following the concert , it was used to provide lodging for 3 @,@ 000 fans .
The walls in Mullen 's room were punctured with mortar shrapnel , and sections of the floor were also missing .
Prior to the show , Sacirbey took Mullen on a tour of the city , showing him the Sarajevo Roses embedded in the streets .
On the day of the concert , trains ran into Sarajevo for the first time since the start of the war .
Two lines were opened , one from Mostar to Sarajevo and the other from Maglaj to Sarajevo .
Although the railways had been functional for the duration of the war , Muslim and Croat politicians could not decide who would operate them .
Visa requirements were temporarily suspended .
An effort was made to include all of the country 's ethnic groups at the concert .
Approximately 500 fans crossed the ethnic boundary lines between Bosnia 's Serb Republic and the Moslem @-@ Croat Federation .
Security around the event was strict .
It was broadcast in Bosnia by local television networks , as well as globally by BBC .
During the event , 10 @,@ 000 soldiers stood on the left side of the stadium to ensure no conflicts broke out .
In addition to the local and foreign fans , 6 @,@ 000 off @-@ duty SFOR soldiers attended the event in uniform .
The concert was broadcast live internationally on radio , and all proceeds from the radio sales were donated to the War Child project .
Three opening acts played before U2 , beginning with the Gazi Huzrev @-@ Beg choir , an Islamic choir from a local high school .
Following the opening acts , musician Howie B performed a DJ set before U2 took the stage .
The night was a celebration of the end of the war , with Bono setting the tone by shouting out " Viva Sarajevo !
Fuck the past , kiss the future !
Bono had struggled with his voice throughout the tour , and the morning of the concert he woke up " without a voice " .
There was no intent to cancel , and the show went ahead as planned .
There was a mass chorus for the whole concert .
U2 considered playing " Desire " after " All I Want Is You " , but they chose not to perform the song .
The Edge then performed a solo version of " Sunday Bloody Sunday " .
The rendition was slower and quieter than the studio version .
During the song , Bono went backstage for cortisone injections , which helped to improve his voice for a short time .
Brian Eno was prepared to go on stage to replace Bono if he could not continue , or to sing alongside him .
In the interlude before the first encore , U2 had a worried discussion over the introduction to " Miss Sarajevo " .
Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing his part and so an antique gramophone was brought onto the stage in his place .
Bono apologized for the rocky performance at the end of the song , saying " Sarajevo , this song was written for you .
I hope you like it , because we can 't fucking play it .
It 's not only about U2 .
It 's the feeling of being part of the world .
It was a reminder of prewar Sarajevo , home to some of old Yugoslavia 's best rock bands .
That 's what these people want , it 's what they deserve .
The peaceful nature of the U2 concert was fleeting , as violence flared up in the region the following year with the Kosovo War .
The Frank Slide was a rockslide that buried part of the mining town of Frank , Alberta , Canada .
Multiple factors led to the slide : Turtle Mountain 's formation left it in a constant state of instability .
The railway was repaired within three weeks and the mine was quickly reopened .
The community is now part of the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass in the Province of Alberta and has a population around 200 .
The site of the disaster , which remains nearly unchanged since the slide , is now a popular tourist destination .
A location was chosen near the base of Turtle Mountain in the Crowsnest Pass , where coal had been discovered one year earlier .
The Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) ran special trains that brought over 1 @,@ 400 people from neighbouring communities to celebrate the event .
Turtle Mountain stands immediately south of Frank .
It consists of an older limestone layer folded over on top of softer materials such as shale and sandstone .
Erosion had left the mountain with a steep overhang of its limestone layer .
The engineer instinctively set the throttle to full speed ahead and sped his train to safety across the bridge over the Crowsnest River .
The sound was heard as far away as Cochrane , over 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north of Frank .
Initial reports on the disaster indicated that Frank had been " nearly wiped out " by the mountain 's collapse .
It was thought the rockslide was triggered by an earthquake , volcanic eruption or explosion within the mine .
The majority of the town survived , but the slide buried buildings on the eastern outskirts of Frank .
Approximately 100 people lived in the path of destruction , located between the CPR tracks and the river .
The death toll is uncertain ; estimates range between 70 and 90 .
Some residents believed that they had left Frank shortly before the slide , though there is no way to be certain .
Most of the victims remain entombed beneath the rocks ; only 12 bodies were recovered in the immediate aftermath .
Initial news reports stated that between 50 and 60 men were within the mountain and had been buried with no hope of survival .
In reality , there were 20 miners working the night shift at the time of the disaster .
Three had been outside the mine and were killed by the slide .
The remaining 17 were underground .
Working a narrow tunnel in pairs and threes , they dug through the coal for hours as the air around them became increasingly toxic .
Only three men still had enough energy to continue digging when they broke through to the surface late in the afternoon .
The opening was too dangerous to escape from due to falling rocks from above .
Thirteen hours after they were buried , all 17 men emerged from the mountain .
One found his family alive and safe in a makeshift hospital , but another emerged to discover his wife and four children had died .
She was the only member of her family to survive .
Her father was working outside the mine when the slide hit , while her mother and six siblings were buried in their home .
The CPR gave him a letter of commendation and a $ 25 cheque in recognition of his heroism .
Early on April 30 a special train from Fort Macleod arrived with police officers and doctors .
As a result , the evacuation order was lifted on May 10 and Frank 's citizens returned .
Clearing the Canadian Pacific Railway line was of paramount importance .
The CPR had the line cleared and rebuilt within three weeks .
Intent on reopening the mine , workers opened passageways to the old mine works by May 30 .
The horse had subsisted by eating the bark off the timber supports and by drinking from pools of water .
The horse died when his rescuers overfed him on oats and brandy .
Consequently , parts of Frank closest to the mountain were dismantled or relocated to safer areas .
Several factors led to the Frank Slide .
Cracks laced the eastern face of the mountain while underground fissures allowed water to flow into the mountain 's core .
They found that coal broke from its seam ; it was said to have practically mined itself .
An unusually warm winter , with warm days and cold nights , was also a factor .
Water in the mountain 's fissures froze and thawed repeatedly , further weakening the mountain 's supports .
Heavy snowfall in the region in March was followed by a warm April , causing the mountain snows to melt into the fissures .
GSC geologists concluded that the weather conditions that night likely triggered the slide .
Though the GSC concluded that mining activities contributed to the slide , the facility 's owners disagreed .
Their engineers claimed that the mine bore no responsibility .
The mine was quickly re @-@ opened , even though rock continued to tumble down the mountain .
Geologists believe that another slide is inevitable , though not imminent .
The mountain , continuously monitored for changes in stability , has been studied on numerous occasions .
The Alberta Geological Survey operates a state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art monitoring system used by researchers around the world .
Geologists have debated about what caused the slide debris to travel the distance it did .
Geologists created the term " debris avalanche " to describe the Frank Slide .
Numerous legends and misconceptions were spawned in the aftermath of the slide .
The entire town of Frank was claimed to have been buried , though much of the town itself was unscathed .
The most common such tale is that of an infant girl said to have been the only survivor of the slide .
Her real name unknown , the girl was called " Frankie Slide " .
Her sisters also survived ; they were found unharmed under a collapsed ceiling joist .
Her parents and four brothers died .
Influencing the story was the survival of two @-@ year @-@ old Gladys Ennis , who was found outside her home in the mud .
The Frank Slide has been the subject of several books , both historical and fictional .
Curious sightseers flocked to the site of the slide within the day of the disaster .
It has remained a popular tourist destination , in part due to its proximity to the Crowsnest Highway .
It was later designated a Provincial Historic Site of Alberta .
A museum and tourist stop document the Frank Slide and the region 's coal mining history .
The site receives over 100 @,@ 000 tourist visits annually .
Frank is now home to about 200 residents .
A linear chain of amino acid residues is called a polypeptide .
A protein contains at least one long polypeptide .
The individual amino acid residues are bonded together by peptide bonds and adjacent amino acid residues .
Sometimes proteins have non @-@ peptide groups attached , which can be called prosthetic groups or cofactors .
Proteins can also work together to achieve a particular function , and they often associate to form stable protein complexes .
A protein 's lifespan is measured in terms of its half @-@ life and covers a wide range .
Abnormal and or misfolded proteins are degraded more rapidly either due to being targeted for destruction or due to being unstable .
Many proteins are enzymes that catalyse biochemical reactions and are vital to metabolism .
Other proteins are important in cell signaling , immune responses , cell adhesion , and the cell cycle .
In animals , proteins are needed in the diet to provide the essential amino acids that cannot be synthesized .
Digestion breaks the proteins down for use in the metabolism .
The amino acids in a polypeptide chain are linked by peptide bonds .
The other two dihedral angles in the peptide bond determine the local shape assumed by the protein backbone .
The words protein , polypeptide , and peptide are a little ambiguous and can overlap in meaning .
It has been estimated that average @-@ sized bacteria contain about 2 million proteins per cell ( e.g.
Smaller bacteria , such as Mycoplasma or spirochetes contain fewer molecules , namely on the order of 50 @,@ 000 to 1 million .
By contrast , eukaryotic cells are larger and thus contain much more protein .
For instance , yeast cells were estimated to contain about 50 million proteins and human cells on the order of 1 to 3 billion .
Note that bacterial genomes encode about 10 times fewer proteins than humans ( e.g.
Importantly , the concentration of individual proteins ranges from a few molecules per cell to hundreds of thousands .
In fact , about a third of all proteins is not produced in most cells or only induced under certain circumstances .
Proteins are assembled from amino acids using information encoded in genes .
Each protein has its own unique amino acid sequence that is specified by the nucleotide sequence of the gene encoding this protein .
Genes encoded in DNA are first transcribed into pre @-@ messenger RNA ( mRNA ) by proteins such as RNA polymerase .
The rate of protein synthesis is higher in prokaryotes than eukaryotes and can reach up to 20 amino acids per second .
The process of synthesizing a protein from an mRNA template is known as translation .
The enzyme aminoacyl tRNA synthetase " charges " the tRNA molecules with the correct amino acids .
The growing polypeptide is often termed the nascent chain .
Proteins are always biosynthesized from N @-@ terminus to C @-@ terminus .
Yeast proteins are on average 466 amino acids long and 53 kDa in mass .
These methods are useful in laboratory biochemistry and cell biology , though generally not for commercial applications .
Most chemical synthesis methods proceed from C @-@ terminus to N @-@ terminus , opposite the biological reaction .
Most proteins fold into unique 3 @-@ dimensional structures .
The shape into which a protein naturally folds is known as its native conformation .
Primary structure : the amino acid sequence .
A protein is a polyamide .
Secondary structure : regularly repeating local structures stabilized by hydrogen bonds .
Because secondary structures are local , many regions of different secondary structure can be present in the same protein molecule .
Tertiary structure : the overall shape of a single protein molecule ; the spatial relationship of the secondary structures to one another .
The term " tertiary structure " is often used as synonymous with the term fold .
The tertiary structure is what controls the basic function of the protein .
Proteins are not entirely rigid molecules .
In addition to these levels of structure , proteins may shift between several related structures while they perform their functions .
In solution proteins also undergo variation in structure through thermal vibration and the collision with other molecules .
Almost all globular proteins are soluble and many are enzymes .
Membrane proteins often serve as receptors or provide channels for polar or charged molecules to pass through the cell membrane .
Common experimental methods of structure determination include X @-@ ray crystallography and NMR spectroscopy , both of which can produce information at atomic resolution .
Dual polarisation interferometry is a quantitative analytical method for measuring the overall protein conformation and conformational changes due to interactions or other stimulus .
Many more gene sequences are known than protein structures .
In particular , globular proteins are comparatively easy to crystallize in preparation for X @-@ ray crystallography .
Membrane proteins , by contrast , are difficult to crystallize and are underrepresented in the PDB .
Structural genomics initiatives have attempted to remedy these deficiencies by systematically solving representative structures of major fold classes .
Protein structure prediction methods attempt to provide a means of generating a plausible structure for proteins whose structures have not been experimentally determined .
Proteins are the chief actors within the cell , said to be carrying out the duties specified by the information encoded in genes .
With the exception of certain types of RNA , most other biological molecules are relatively inert elements upon which proteins act .
The set of proteins expressed in a particular cell or cell type is known as its proteome .
The chief characteristic of proteins that also allows their diverse set of functions is their ability to bind other molecules specifically and tightly .
Proteins can bind to other proteins as well as to small @-@ molecule substrates .
Proteins can also bind to , or even be integrated into , cell membranes .
The ability of binding partners to induce conformational changes in proteins allows the construction of enormously complex signaling networks .
The best @-@ known role of proteins in the cell is as enzymes , which catalyse chemical reactions .
Enzymes are usually highly specific and accelerate only one or a few chemical reactions .
Some enzymes act on other proteins to add or remove chemical groups in a process known as posttranslational modification .
About 4 @,@ 000 reactions are known to be catalysed by enzymes .
The molecules bound and acted upon by enzymes are called substrates .
The region of the enzyme that binds the substrate and contains the catalytic residues is known as the active site .
Dirigent proteins are members of a class of proteins that dictate the stereochemistry of a compound synthesized by other enzymes .
Many proteins are involved in the process of cell signaling and signal transduction .
Antibodies can be secreted into the extracellular environment or anchored in the membranes of specialized B cells known as plasma cells .
Whereas enzymes are limited in their binding affinity for their substrates by the necessity of conducting their reaction , antibodies have no such constraints .
An antibody 's binding affinity to its target is extraordinarily high .
Many ligand transport proteins bind particular small biomolecules and transport them to other locations in the body of a multicellular organism .
Lectins are sugar @-@ binding proteins which are highly specific for their sugar moieties .
Lectins typically play a role in biological recognition phenomena involving cells and proteins .
Receptors and hormones are highly specific binding proteins .
Transmembrane proteins can also serve as ligand transport proteins that alter the permeability of the cell membrane to small molecules and ions .
The membrane alone has a hydrophobic core through which polar or charged molecules cannot diffuse .
Membrane proteins contain internal channels that allow such molecules to enter and exit the cell .
Structural proteins confer stiffness and rigidity to otherwise @-@ fluid biological components .
These proteins are crucial for cellular motility of single celled organisms and the sperm of many multicellular organisms which reproduce sexually .
They also generate the forces exerted by contracting muscles and play essential roles in intracellular transport .
The activities and structures of proteins may be examined in vitro , in vivo , and in silico .
In silico studies use computational methods to study proteins .
To perform in vitro analysis , a protein must be purified away from other cellular components .
Precipitation by a method known as salting out can concentrate the proteins from this lysate .
Additionally , proteins can be isolated according their charge using electrofocusing .
For natural proteins , a series of purification steps may be necessary to obtain protein sufficiently pure for laboratory applications .
A number of different tags have been developed to help researchers purify specific proteins from complex mixtures .
The study of proteins in vivo is often concerned with the synthesis and localization of the protein within the cell .
The fused protein 's position within the cell can be cleanly and efficiently visualized using microscopy , as shown in the figure opposite .
For example , indirect immunofluorescence will allow for fluorescence colocalization and demonstration of location .
Fluorescent dyes are used to label cellular compartments for a similar purpose .
Other possibilities exist , as well .
Another applicable technique is cofractionation in sucrose ( or other material ) gradients using isopycnic centrifugation .
Finally , the gold @-@ standard method of cellular localization is immunoelectron microscopy .
This technique also uses an antibody to the protein of interest , along with classical electron microscopy techniques .
This allows for the localization of both ultrastructural details as well as the protein of interest .
The total complement of biologically possible such interactions is known as the interactome .
A systematic attempt to determine the structures of proteins representing every possible fold is known as structural genomics .
A vast array of computational methods have been developed to analyze the structure , function , and evolution of proteins .
Such homologous proteins can be efficiently identified in distantly related organisms by sequence alignment .
Genome and gene sequences can be searched by a variety of tools for certain properties .
Sequence profiling tools can find restriction enzyme sites , open reading frames in nucleotide sequences , and predict secondary structures .
The field of bioinformatics is now indispensable for the analysis of genes and proteins .
Many structure prediction methods have served to inform the emerging field of protein engineering , in which novel protein folds have already been designed .
Many proteins ( in Eucaryota ~ 33 % ) contain large unstructured but biologically functional segments and can be classified as intrinsically disordered proteins .
Predicting and analysing protein disorder is , therefore , an important part of protein structure characterisation .
The amino acids that an organism cannot synthesize on its own are referred to as essential amino acids .
In animals , amino acids are obtained through the consumption of foods containing protein .
Amino acids are also an important dietary source of nitrogen .
Noted examples at the time included albumin from egg whites , blood serum albumin , fibrin , and wheat gluten .
Mulder carried out elemental analysis of common proteins and found that nearly all proteins had the same empirical formula , C400H620N100O120P1S1 .
He came to the erroneous conclusion that they might be composed of a single type of ( very large ) molecule .
At the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station a detailed review of the vegetable proteins was compiled by Thomas Burr Osborne .
Working with Lafayette Mendel and applying Liebig 's law of the minimum in feeding laboratory rats , the nutritionally essential amino acids were established .
The work was continued and communicated by William Cumming Rose .
The understanding of proteins as polypeptides came through the work of Franz Hofmeister and Hermann Emil Fischer .
Sumner showed that the enzyme urease was in fact a protein .
The difficulty in purifying proteins in large quantities made them very difficult for early protein biochemists to study .
Hence , early studies focused on proteins that could be purified in large quantities , e.g.
Bioinformatic Harvester A Meta search engine ( 29 databases ) for gene and protein information .
After aspiring to become a musician early in life , she started her musical career as the vocalist of the indie band Chucky .
LiSA 's songs have been featured as theme music for various anime such as Fate / Zero and Sword Art Online .
Oribe 's musical experience began at the age of three when , upon her mother 's suggestions , she took private piano lessons .
Although she was a shy student in kindergarten , she enjoyed her music lessons .
In primary school , she was inspired to sing after seeing the band Speed on television .
She later took dance and vocal lessons , which continued through her junior high school years .
In junior high school , she formed a band which covered songs by Avril Lavigne , Love Psychedelico , and Ego @-@ Wrappin ' .
Nevertheless , after graduation , due to varying schedules among the band 's members , it became difficult to continue performing .
The band performs with LiSA during the latter 's solo live performances .
She was the vocalist for the character Yui , and the second vocalist , Marina , sang as the character Masami Iwasawa .
The album Keep The Beats !
The single peaked at No.
Her third single " Best Day , Best Way " , which peaked at No.
She released her sixth single " Bright Flight / L.
LiSA released a mini @-@ album titled Lucky Hi Five !
LiSA 's musical style is described by Dennis Amith of J !
In making the single " Bright Flight / L.
Miranic " , which is in a dark rock style and has the theme of a " bad woman " .
LiSA mentioned that the name " L.
Dennis Amith of J !
The discography of LiSA includes three studio albums , one extended play , ten singles , and five video albums .
Aston Villa are one of the oldest and most successful football clubs in the history of English football .
They have a fierce local rivalry with Birmingham City .
The club 's traditional kit colours are claret shirts with sky blue sleeves , white shorts and sky blue socks .
The four founders of Aston Villa were Jack Hughes , Frederick Matthews , Walter Price and William Scattergood .
Aston Villa 's first match was against the local Aston Brook St Mary 's Rugby team .
Supporters coined the name " Villa Park " ; no official declaration listed the ground as Villa Park .
The team struggled in the league though and were relegated two seasons later , due in large part to complacency .
The following season Aston Villa became the first team to win the Football League Cup .
The following season the fans called for the board to resign as Villa finished 16th in the Second Division .
After much speculation , control of the club was bought by London financier Pat Matthews , who also brought in Doug Ellis as chairman .
However , Villa gradually began to recover under the management of former club captain Vic Crowe .
Villa were back among the elite as Saunders continued to mould a winning team .
The following season Villa were crowned European Super Cup winners , beating Barcelona in the final .
They were the original wearers of the claret and blue .
This remained the first choice strip for six years .
The chocolate colour later became claret .
Nobody is quite sure why claret and blue became the club 's adopted colours .
Several other English football teams adopted their colours ; clubs that wear claret and blue include West Ham United and Burnley .
The lion is now unified as opposed to fragmented lions of the past .
Randy Lerner petitioned fans to help with the design of the new badge .
Villa Park is the largest football stadium in the English Midlands , and the eighth largest stadium in England .
Thus , it was the first English ground to stage international football in three different centuries .
Villa Park is the most used stadium in FA Cup semi @-@ final history , having hosted 55 semi @-@ finals .
If completed , the capacity of Villa Park will be increased to approximately 51 @,@ 000 .
FA teams were required to distribute shares to investors as a way of facilitating trading among the teams without implicating the FA itself .
He was chairman and substantial shareholder of " Aston Villa F.C.
He also appointed himself Chairman of the club .
Lerner took full control on 18 September , as he had 89 @.@ 69 % of the shares .
Lerner installed Charles Krulak as a non @-@ executive director and Ellis was awarded the honorary position of Chairman Emeritus .
Recon Group were selected to take over Aston Villa following a selection process by the club .
Aston Villa have a unique relationship with the Acorns Children 's Hospice charity that is groundbreaking in English football .
Former Villa chief executive Richard Fitzgerald has stated that the ethnicity of the supporters is currently 98 % white .
When Randy Lerner 's regime took over at Villa Park , they aimed to improve their support from ethnic minorities .
A number of organisations have been set up to support the local community including Aston Pride .
A Villa in the Community programme has also been set up to encourage support among young people in the region .
Meetings also occur every three months where supporters are invited by ballot and are invited to ask questions to the Board .
The song " The Bells Are Ringing " is to be played before games .
As can be seen across the whole of English football , the hooligan groups have now been marginalised .
The main groupings of supporters can now be found in a number of domestic and international supporters ' clubs .
This includes the Official Aston Villa Supporters Club which also has many smaller regional and international sections .
There were several independent supporters clubs during the reign of Doug Ellis but most of these disbanded after his retirement .
The club 's supporters also publish fanzines such as Heroes and Villains and The Holy Trinity .
Aston Villa 's arch @-@ rivals are Birmingham City , with games between the two clubs known as the Second City Derby .
The two teams contested three FA Cup finals in the late 19th century .
Villa also enjoy less heated local rivalries with Wolverhampton Wanderers and Coventry City .
Aston Villa are one of five English teams to have won the European Cup .
Aston Villa have won European and domestic league honours .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules .
Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
There have been many players who can be called notable throughout Aston Villa 's history .
These can be classified and recorded in several forms .
The Halls of Fame and PFA Players of the Year are noted below .
Aston Villa have had several players who were one @-@ club men .
Three Aston Villa players have won the PFA Players ' Player of the Year award .
The only two Villa players in the Hall of Fame are Danny Blanchflower and Peter Schmeichel .
A number of television programmes have included references to Aston Villa over the past few decades .
In the sitcom Porridge , the character Lennie Godber is a Villa supporter .
Aston Villa have also featured on several occasions in prose .
Together with The Oval , Villa Park is referenced by the poet Philip Larkin in his poem about the First World War , MCMXIV .
Aston Villa are also mentioned in Harold Pinter 's play The Dumb Waiter .
She was the first baby gorilla successfully born in captivity in New York .
An ambitious proposal for renovating the Central Park Zoo arose in the wake of the controversy while the zoo received record attendance rates .
Pattycake spent her later life as an independent but caring troop matriarch in the Bronx Zoo 's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit .
Pattycake was the first gorilla successfully born in captivity in New York .
Her handlers assumed she was a male and originally named her " Sonny Jim " .
I thought we 'd let the baby gorilla use the name in the meantime , " O 'Connor told reporters .
Pattycake 's birth caught the attention of the city and brought crowds of thousands of New Yorkers to the Central Park Zoo .
At the age of five months , Pattycake was sharing the Lion House with Lulu and Kongo at the Central Park Zoo .
Zoo handlers had to subdue Lulu with a tranquilizer dart to remove Pattycake and treat her injury .
While experts considered the incident an accident , the media sensationalized the event .
It was nothing like that .
It was a simple accident .
Kongo was in one part of the double cage , Lulu in another , and between them was a partition of narrow bars .
But Patty 's arm got caught in the narrow bars and broke .
It was a freak accident .
No one ever realized that those bars were narrow enough to catch that tiny arm .
Pattycake was brought to New York Medical College for surgery and she was given a cast for her arm .
Pattycake was treated by veterinarian Emil Dolensek who later replaced her cast with a sling .
After an examination , the staff discovered that Pattycake had intestinal parasites and determined she was underfed .
They also believed that as a result of the incident , Lulu wasn 't capable as a mother .
A custody dispute began between the two zoos , with the Bronx Zoo arguing that she would be better cared for in their facilities .
The New York Times reported that " the caging of these animals in inadequate spaces has long enraged animal lovers .
For a few years , she lived in a cage with Pansy , a chimpanzee .
The exhibit includes a Great Gorilla Forest viewing area that separates gorillas and visitors with a glass window .
Tumai was sired by Bendera .
This forced separation led to protests from animal rights activists who expressed concerns about the potential consequences of emotional trauma on the two gorillas .
The Association of Zoos and Aquariums Species Survival Plan sent Timmy to the Bronx Zoo where he joined Pattycake and other females .
It was the sixth time western lowland gorillas had given birth to twins in captivity .
The twins were raised in a separate habitat by surrogate mothers .
Unnamed , it died four days later .
The fundraising coincided with Pattycake 's 30th birthday , commemorated with a two @-@ day celebration at the Bronx Zoo .
A special cake was made for her from kale , gelatin , yogurt , and berries .
Pattycake tried her hand at painting while participating with the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) animal enrichment program at the Bronx Zoo .
Pattycake suffered from chronic heart disease and arthritis as she aged .
She was one of 338 captive zoo gorillas within North America when she died in her sleep at the age of 40 .
According to the Wildlife Conservation Society , Pattycake exceeded the median life span of 37 years for female zoo gorillas .
In honor of Pattycake , the Rev.
The fruit body color ranges from dark blue in fresh specimens to pale blue @-@ gray in older ones .
It is an edible mushroom , and is sold in rural markets in China , Guatemala , and Mexico .
The gradual development of blue to violet pigmentation as one progresses from species to species is an interesting phenomenon deserving further study .
The climax is reached in L.
The specific epithet indigo is derived from the Latin word meaning " indigo blue " .
Like many other mushrooms , L.
Under appropriate environmental conditions of temperature , humidity , and nutrient availability , the visible reproductive structures ( fruit bodies ) are formed .
The margin of the cap is rolled inwards when young , but unrolls and elevates as it matures .
The cap surface is indigo blue when fresh , but fades to a paler grayish- or silvery @-@ blue , sometimes with greenish splotches .
Young caps are sticky to the touch .
The flesh of the entire mushroom is brittle , and the stem , if bent sufficiently , will snap open cleanly .
Their color is an indigo blue , becoming paler with age or staining green with damage .
Its color is indigo blue to silvery- or grayish blue .
The interior of the stem is solid and firm initially , but develops a hollow with age .
Like the cap , it is initially sticky or slimy to the touch when young , but soon dries out .
Its attachment to the cap is usually in a central position , although it may also be off @-@ center .
It is often seen in Virginia .
When viewed in mass , as in a spore print , the spores appear cream to yellow colored .
Scanning electron microscopy reveals reticulations on the spore surface .
The characteristic blue color of the fruiting body and the latex make this species easily recognizable .
Other Lactarius species with some blue color include the " silver @-@ blue milky " ( L.
Although the blue discoloration of L.
It may have a slightly bitter , or peppery taste , and has a coarse , grainy texture .
The firm flesh is best prepared by cutting the mushroom in thin slices .
The blue color disappears with cooking , and the mushroom becomes grayish .
Because of the granular texture of the flesh , it does not lend itself well to drying .
Specimens producing copious quantities of milk may be used to add color to marinades .
It is one of 13 Lactarius species sold at rural markets in Yunnan in southwestern China .
A chemical analysis of Mexican specimens has shown L.
The blue color of L.
It is unique to this species , but similar to a compound found in L.
Its frequency of appearance in the Appalachian Mountains of the United States has been described as " occasional to locally common " .
It has also been collected from China , India , Guatemala , and Costa Rica ( in forests dominated by oak ) .
In Europe , it has so far only been found in southern France .
Reflecting their close relationships with trees , the fruit bodies of L.
They are also commonly found in floodplain areas that have been recently submerged .
In Costa Rica , the species forms associations with several native oaks of the Quercus genus .
Under controlled laboratory conditions , L.
Mushrooms Demystified : A Comprehensive Guide to the Fleshy Fungi .
Berkeley , California : Ten Speed Press .
North American Species of Lactarius .
Ann Arbor , Michigan : The University of Michigan Press .
The episode was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw .
Gabrielle ( Eva Longoria ) deals with her daughters ' weight problems and Bree ( Marcia Cross ) faces the ramifications of her success .
Desperate Housewives focuses on the lives of several residents living on Wisteria Lane .
In recent episodes , Susan ( Teri Hatcher ) and Mike Delfino ( James Denton ) celebrate the birth of their son .
Bree Hodge ( Marcia Cross ) chooses to raise her grandson while her daughter , Danielle ( Joy Lauren ) , attends college .
Gabrielle Solis ( Eva Longoria ) struggles with Carlos ' ( Ricardo Antonio Chavira ) permanent blindness .
Also , Edie Britt ( Nicollette Sheridan ) leaves Wisteria Lane after the other residents shun her for her malice .
Important plot information that takes place during the time jump is revealed in flashbacks .
Orson has completed his prison sentence and the success of Bree 's catering company has provided her the opportunity to write her own cookbook .
A flashback reveals that Danielle married a lawyer and coldly took her son away from Bree .
She encourages him to employ more disciplinary actions .
During the time jump , Susan and Mike were involved in a car crash that killed a mother and her child .
As a result , the couple divorced and now share custody of their son , M.J.
Jackson seeks a more substantial relationship , but Susan is weary of such a commitment following her divorce .
Gabrielle tricks Juanita into exercising by driving away and making Juanita chase after her car .
Later , Dave receives a phone call from Dr.
Samuel Heller ( Stephen Spinella ) , who reminds him that monthly check @-@ ins are a condition of his release .
After the conversation , Dr.
Heller reviews a taped therapy session in which Dave threatens to get revenge on the man who destroyed his life .
While developing the fifth season , Cherry began brainstorming ways to revamp the series .
The writers ensured that although they were changing the storyline circumstances , the characters remained the same with minimal changes to their personalities .
Actress Eva Longoria had to gain weight and wear additional body padding for her character 's new storyline .
Several casting changes were made as a result of the five @-@ year jump .
McDonough did not audition for the role of Dave Williams , but was offered it after meeting with Cherry .
The roles of the Scavo children were recast in order to reflect their new ages following the time jump .
Charlie and Max Carver replaced Brent and Shane Kinsman as Preston and Porter , respectively .
The Kinsman twins appeared in a flashback in this episode .
Despite their casting announcements alongside the Carver twins , Moore and Applegate did not appear in " You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow " .
Only Baltodano continued portraying her role for the fifth season ; Say was replaced by Madison De La Garza during the summer hiatus .
Teri Hatcher expressed disappointment in the producers ' decision , but Cherry stated that Bowen would return in the future .
Because the fourth season ended leaving Mike 's whereabouts unknown , James Denton 's return to the series was questioned during hiatus .
It was later confirmed that he would return to the series .
The Wisteria Lane set , which is located on the Colonial Street backlot set at Universal Studios , underwent changes for the time jump .
The episode was watched in 13 @.@ 105 million total households .
The episode was the most @-@ watched program of the night in both total viewers and the young adult demographic .
It outperformed the fourth season finale by two million total viewers and showed a 17 percent increase in viewers 18 to 49 years old .
It was watched by 2 @.@ 39 million viewers , becoming the sixth most @-@ watched program of the week on the channel .
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics .
He complimented the Bree storyline , particularly the argument scene between Bree and Katherine .
He enjoyed the Dave storyline , but expressed disappointment that Edie 's reappearance was the only scene that involved all of the leading women .
Additionally , Stransky was not intrigued by Lynette 's storyline and deemed it " more of the same " for the character .
He criticized Susan 's storyline , calling it annoying .
He also dismissed the writers ' ploy to give viewers the impression that Mike had died for almost the entire episode .
Joanna Weiss of The Boston Globe gave the episode a mixed review .
That doesn 't mean the show is perfect - it never was - but it 's better , and that 's a big relief .
In the episode , Homer is banned from Moe 's Tavern and struggles to find a new bar .
The family discovers that Marge is afraid of flying .
The episode was directed by Mark Kirkland , and written by David Sacks .
It features numerous guest stars , including Anne Bancroft as Dr.
Additionally , Ted Danson , Woody Harrelson , Rhea Perlman , John Ratzenberger , and George Wendt appear as their characters from Cheers .
It received positive reception from television critics , and acquired a Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 6 .
Before the therapist begins to question Marge 's marriage , Homer immediately takes Marge away and Marge manages to thank Zweig for helping her .
Sacks and the other writers then structured the rest of the plot around that storyline .
Anne Bancroft was called in to voice Zweig .
Before Bancroft recorded her part , the animators based Zweig 's design on a temp track from cast member Tress MacNeille as the therapist .
After Bancroft had recorded her part , Zweig was redesigned to fit with Bancroft 's voice .
They added split glasses and a streak of silver in her hair to give her a more mature look .
The result is the barflies loving the cat , and depressing Homer even more .
Homer enters the Cheers bar in a scene which is a parody of a typical episode of the comedy series Cheers .
All of the speaking characters are voiced by the actors who played them in Cheers .
Ironically , Frasier Crane remains silent despite being played by Simpsons veteran Kelsey Grammer , the voice of Sideshow Bob .
Marge 's dream sees her in the role of Mrs.
Robinson from Lost in Space , while Homer plays Dr.
Homer 's Mount Lushmore caricature resembles Eustace Tilley , the mascot of The New Yorker .
This is the second time Home Alone has been parodied on The Simpsons .
The first was " Homer Alone " , a reference to the title .
As Homer is looking for a place to drink , he tries a lesbian bar , the She She Lounge .
However , he soon realizes that " this lesbian bar doesn 't have a fire exit " .
He then leaves , saying " Enjoy your deathtrap , ladies !
This is a reference to a famous Greenwich Village gay bar , the Stonewall Inn .
All of them involve plane crashes .
This is a reference to The Prince of Tides ; the psychiatrist is Dr.
Since airing , the episode has received many positive reviews from fans and television critics .
Despite his dense and difficult prose , Innis was one of Canada 's most original thinkers .
Innis 's writings on communication explore the role of media in shaping the culture and development of civilizations .
His intellectual bond with Eric A.
Innis laid the basis for scholarship that looked at the social sciences from a distinctly Canadian point of view .
He was successful in establishing sources of financing for Canadian scholarly research .
He warned repeatedly that Canada was becoming a subservient colony to its much more powerful southern neighbor .
We can only survive by taking persistent action at strategic points against American imperialism in all its attractive guises .
Innis also tried to defend universities from political and economic pressures .
He believed that independent universities , as centres of critical thought , were essential to the survival of Western civilization .
His intellectual disciple and university colleague , Marshall McLuhan , lamented Innis 's premature death as a disastrous loss for human understanding .
As a boy he loved the rhythms and routines of farm life and he never forgot his rural origins .
At the time , the Baptist Church was an important part of life in rural areas .
It gave isolated families a sense of community and embodied the values of individualism and independence .
Its far @-@ flung congregations were not ruled by a centralized , bureaucratic authority .
Innis became an agnostic in later life , but never lost his interest in religion .
Innis attended the one @-@ room schoolhouse in Otterville and the community 's high school .
The experience made him realize that the life of a teacher in a small , rural school was not for him .
McMaster was a natural choice for him because it was a Baptist university and many students who attended Woodstock College went there .
McMaster 's liberal arts professors encouraged critical thinking and debate .
Innis was especially influenced by James Ten Broeke , the university 's one @-@ man philosophy department .
The experience gave him a sense of the vastness of Canada .
He also learned about Western grievances over high interest rates and steep transportation costs .
In his final undergraduate year , Innis focused on history and economics .
He kept in mind a remark made by history lecturer W.S.
Wallace that the economic interpretation of history was not the only possible one , but that it went the deepest .
After graduating from McMaster , Innis felt that his Christian principles compelled him to enlist in the Canadian Expeditionary Force .
Trench warfare with its " mud and lice and rats " had a devastating effect on him .
Innis 's war was over .
His biographer , John Watson , notes the physical wound took seven years to heal , but the psychological damage lasted a lifetime .
Innis suffered recurring bouts of depression and nervous exhaustion because of his military service .
Watson also notes that the Great War influenced Innis 's intellectual outlook .
His two years at Chicago had a profound influence on his later work .
His interest in economics deepened and he decided to become a professional economist .
Innis was influenced by the university 's two eminent communications scholars , George Herbert Mead and Robert E.
Veblen had left Chicago years before , but his ideas were still strongly felt there .
Years later , in an essay on Veblen , Innis praised him for waging war against " standardized static economics " .
Innis got his first taste of university teaching at Chicago , where he delivered several introductory economics courses .
Mary Quayle Innis was herself a notable economist and writer .
Her other books include Mrs.
Harold Innis wrote his PhD thesis on the history of the Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) .
It uses voluminous statistics to underpin its arguments .
Innis maintains that the difficult and expensive construction project was sustained by fears of American annexation of the Canadian West .
As Robert Babe notes , the railway brought industrialization , transporting coal and building supplies to manufacturing sites .
It was also a kind of communications medium that contributed to the spread of European civilization .
It also reflected Innis 's lifelong interest in the exercise of economic and political power .
Westerners complained that this National Policy funnelled money from Prairie farmers into the pockets of the Eastern business establishment .
The acquisitiveness of Eastern Canada shows little sign of abatement .
Harold Innis is considered the leading founder of a Canadian school of economic thought known as the staples theory .
The export of these new staples was made possible through improved transportation networks that included first canals , and later , railways .
He was assigned to teach courses in commerce , economic history and economic theory .
Everywhere Innis went his methods were the same : he interviewed people connected with the production of staple products and listened to their stories .
Innis describes the central role First Nations peoples played in the development of the fur trade .
However , dependence on European technologies disrupted First Nations societies .
This research provided an additional crossover point from his work on staple products to his communications studies .
Biographer Paul Heyer writes that Innis " followed pulp and paper through its subsequent stages : newspapers and journalism , books and advertising .
One of Innis 's primary contributions to communications studies was to apply the dimensions of time and space to various media .
He divided media into time @-@ binding and space @-@ binding types .
Time @-@ binding media are durable .
They include clay or stone tablets .
Space @-@ binding media are more ephemeral .
They include modern media such as radio , television , and mass circulation newspapers .
Innis examined the rise and fall of ancient empires as a way of tracing the effects of communications media .
He tried to show that media ' biases ' toward time or space affected the complex interrelationships needed to sustain an empire .
For Innis , the interplay between knowledge and power was always a crucial factor in understanding empire .
Innis argued that a balance between the spoken word and writing contributed to the flourishing of ancient Greece in the time of Plato .
The torch of empire then passed from Greece to Rome .
These media had contributed to an obsession with " present @-@ mindedness " wiping out concerns about past or future .
The overwhelming pressure of mechanization evident in the newspaper and the magazine , has led to the creation of vast monopolies of communication .
Their entrenched positions involve a continuous , systematic , ruthless destruction of elements of permanence essential to cultural activity .
Western civilization could only be saved , Innis argued , by recovering the balance between space and time .
For him , that meant reinvigorating the oral tradition within universities while freeing institutions of higher learning from political and commercial pressures .
Then , universities could muster the courage to attack the monopolies that always imperil civilization .
Biographers have suggested that this style may have been a result of Innis ' illness late in his career .
Macdonald invited him to serve on a Royal Commission to examine Nova Scotia 's economic problems .
The next year , he helped establish The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science .
Both media , Innis argued , stimulated the demand for consumer goods and both promoted nationalism .
It was a series called The Relations of Canada and the United States overseen by James T.
Shotwell , director of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
Innis edited and wrote prefaces for the volumes contributed by Canadian scholars .
His own study of the cod fisheries also appeared as part of the series .
His work with Shotwell enabled Innis to gain access to Carnegie money to further Canadian academic research .
As John Watson points out , " the project offered one of the few sources of research funds in rather lean times " .
The era of the " Dirty Thirties " with its mass unemployment , poverty and despair gave rise to new Canadian political movements .
It advocated democratic socialism and a mixed economy with public ownership of key industries .
Frank Underhill , one of Innis 's colleagues at the University of Toronto was a founding member of the CCF .
Although sympathetic to the plight of western farmers and urban , unemployed workers , Innis did not embrace socialism .
He later became the association 's second president .
As a result of this contrast , a common public opinion in Russia and the West is hard to achieve .
Innis 's trip to Moscow and Leningrad came shortly before U.S.
Innis lamented this rise in international tensions .
He saw the Soviet Empire as a stabilizing counterbalance to the American Empire 's emphasis on commercialism , the individual and constant change .
For Innis , Russia was a society within the Western tradition , not an alien civilization .
He abhorred the nuclear arms race , seeing it as the triumph of force over knowledge , a modern form of the medieval Inquisition .
He also gave the prestigious Beit lectures at Oxford , later published in his book Empire and Communications .
The last decade of his career during which he worked on his communications studies was an unhappy time for Innis .
He was academically isolated because his colleagues in economics could not fathom how this new work related to his pioneering research in staples theory .
In commemoration , Innis College at the University of Toronto and Innis Library at McMaster University were named in his honour .
Following his premature death , Innis ' significance increasingly deepened as scholars in several academic disciplines continued to build upon his writings .
Marshall Poe 's general media theory that proposes two sub @-@ theories were inspired by Innis .
In addition , James W.
Carey adopted Innis as a " reference point in his conception of two models of communication " .
Marshall McLuhan was a colleague of Innis 's at the University of Toronto .
McLuhan built on Innis 's idea that in studying the effects of communications media , technological form mattered more than content .
The differences in the Innisian and McLuhanesque approaches were summarized by the late James W.
Whereas Innis sees communication technology principally affecting social organization and culture , McLuhan sees its principal effect on sensory organization and thought .
Biographer John Watson notes that Innis 's work was profoundly political while McLuhan 's was not .
He writes that " the mechanization of knowledge , not the relative sensual bias of media , is the key to Innis 's work .
This also underlies the politicization of Innis 's position vis @-@ a @-@ vis that of McLuhan .
For Watson , Innis 's work is therefore more flexible and less deterministic than McLuhan 's .
Together , their works advanced a theory of history in which communication is central to social change and transformation .
After meandering for two days without development , the storm began a steady westward track as its structure became better organized .
Most of it came from road damage in the state 's northern portion , although there were also hundreds of damaged houses .
Between Veracruz and neighboring Hidalgo , there were 123 @,@ 320 people affected across 112 municipalities .
Overall there were six deaths in the country , one in Veracruz and five in Puebla .
In the latter state , a family of three perished in a landslide .
The origins of Hurricane Lorenzo were from a tropical wave that exited the coast of Africa on September 11 .
After moving across the tropical Atlantic Ocean , it traversed much of the Caribbean Sea before developing an area of thunderstorms on September 21 .
Upon developing , the depression was located in an area of weak steering currents , resulting in an erratic movement generally to the south .
In its formative stages , the depression executed a small loop .
As it did so , it moved into an area of very warm waters and decreasing wind shear .
The depression 's convection gradually organized , although the winds were slower to increase .
After making landfall , the hurricane rapidly weakened to tropical depression intensity .
Progressing inland , the circulation became difficult to locate as the convection diminished to rainbands along the coast .
Within 19 hours after moving ashore , the circulation of Lorenzo dissipated , therefore ending its duration as a tropical cyclone .
About 26 hours before landfall , the Mexican government issued a tropical storm watch from Palma Sola to La Cruz in Veracruz .
Mexico 's Civilian Protection officials declared a " red alert " for much of the state of Veracruz .
Along the coast of Veracruz , officials canceled school classes .
Officials opened 315 shelters in Veracruz , along with six in neighboring Hidalgo , which housed 45 @,@ 164 people during the storm .
The government of Veracruz provided buses for people to transport from their houses to the shelters .
Ports in Tecolutla , Tuxpan and Nautla were forced to close .
Lorenzo 's formation caused gas prices to rise due to its potential to disrupt oil facilities in the Gulf of Mexico .
Hurricane Lorenzo made landfall in Veracruz , the same region of east @-@ central Mexico as Hurricane Dean did one month prior .
To prevent the danger of fallen wires , officials shut off the power grid in several municipalities in northern Veracruz .
The winds also destroyed the roofs of several houses in Nautla .
The rains caused flash flooding and mudslides that killed at least four people , including a family of three in Puebla state .
Landslides also closed portions of three highways .
In some locations , floodwaters reached about 1 foot ( 300 mm ) in depth .
Overflown rivers in Veracruz forced about 25 @,@ 000 people to leave their houses .
Along the Cazones River , more than 1 @,@ 000 houses were flooded , resulting in local police officials to assist in evacuations .
The declaration allowed the usage of emergency resources for the affected people .
There were a total of six deaths in the country , five of which in Puebla .
By about three days after the storm , all schools were reopened .
The Mexican government distributed food , water , and construction materials for the areas most affected in Veracruz .
Following the storm , about 500 power workers were dispatched in Veracruz to restore electricity in the affected areas .
Cadmium is a chemical element with symbol Cd and atomic number 48 .
This soft , bluish @-@ white metal is chemically similar to the two other stable metals in group 12 , zinc and mercury .
The average concentration of cadmium in Earth 's crust is between 0 @.@ 1 and 0 @.@ 5 parts per million ( ppm ) .
Cadmium occurs as a minor component in most zinc ores and is a byproduct of zinc production .
One of its few new uses is cadmium telluride solar panels .
Although cadmium has no known biological function in higher organisms , a cadmium @-@ dependent carbonic anhydrase has been found in marine diatoms .
Cadmium is a soft , malleable , ductile , bluish @-@ white divalent metal .
It is similar in many respects to zinc but forms complex compounds .
Unlike most other metals , cadmium is resistant to corrosion and is used as a protective plate on other metals .
Although cadmium usually has an oxidation state of + 2 , it also exists in the + 1 state .
The structures of many cadmium complexes with nucleobases , amino acids , and vitamins have been determined .
Naturally occurring cadmium is composed of 8 isotopes .
Two of them are radioactive , and three are expected to decay but have not done so under laboratory conditions .
Heavier isotopes decay mostly through beta emission producing element 49 ( indium ) .
In that process , a silver atom captures a neutron and then undergoes beta decay .
The metal was named after the Latin word for calamine , because it was found in this zinc compound .
Stromeyer noted that some impure samples of calamine changed color when heated but pure calamine did not .
He was persistent in studying these results and eventually isolated cadmium metal by roasting and reducing the sulfide .
Compared with the more abundant 65 ppm zinc , cadmium is rare .
No significant deposits of cadmium @-@ containing ores are known .
Greenockite ( CdS ) , the only cadmium mineral of importance , is nearly always associated with sphalerite ( ZnS ) .
This association is caused by geochemical similarity between zinc and cadmium , with no geological process likely to separate them .
Metallic cadmium can be found is the Vilyuy River basin in Siberia .
Coal can contain significant amounts of cadmium , which ends up mostly in flue dust .
Cadmium is a common impurity in zinc ores , and it is most often isolated during the production of zinc .
Some zinc ores concentrates from sulfidic zinc ores contain up to 1 @.@ 4 % of cadmium .
Zinc sulfide ores are roasted in the presence of oxygen , converting the zinc sulfide to the oxide .
Zinc metal is produced either by smelting the oxide with carbon or by electrolysis in sulfuric acid .
Cadmium is a common component of electric batteries , pigments , coatings , and electroplating .
Nickel @-@ cadmium cells have a nominal cell potential of 1 @.@ 2 V.
The cell consists of a positive nickel hydroxide electrode and a negative cadmium electrode plate separated by an alkaline electrolyte ( potassium hydroxide ) .
Cadmium electroplating , consuming 6 % of the global production , is used in the aircraft industry reduce corrosion of steel components .
This coating is passivated by chromate salts .
A limitation of cadmium plating is hydrogen embrittlement of high @-@ strength steels from the electroplating process .
Cadmium oxide was used in black and white television phosphors and in the blue and green phosphors of color television cathode ray tubes .
Cadmium sulfide ( CdS ) is used as a photoconductive surface coating for photocopier drums .
Various cadmium salts are used in paint pigments , with CdS as a yellow pigment being the most common .
Cadmium selenide is a red pigment , commonly called cadmium red .
In PVC , cadmium was used as heat , light , and weathering stabilizers .
Currently , cadmium stabilizers have been completely replaced with barium @-@ zinc , calcium @-@ zinc and organo @-@ tin stabilizers .
Cadmium is used in many kinds of solder and bearing alloys , because a low coefficient of friction and fatigue resistance .
It is also found in some of the lowest @-@ melting alloys , such as Wood 's metal .
They operate at either 325 or 422 nm in fluorescence microscopes and various laboratory experiments .
Cadmium selenide quantum dots emit bright luminescence under UV excitation ( He @-@ Cd laser , for example ) .
The color of this luminescence can be green , yellow or red depending on the particle size .
Colloidal solutions of those particles are used for imaging of biological tissues and solutions with a fluorescence microscope .
HgCdTe is sensitive to infrared light and can be used as an infrared detector , motion detector , or switch in remote control devices .
Cadmium @-@ selective sensors based on the fluorophore BODIPY have been developed for imaging and sensing of cadmium in cells .
Cadmium has no known function in higher organisms , but a cadmium @-@ dependent carbonic anhydrase has been found in some marine diatoms .
The diatoms live in environments with very low zinc concentrations and cadmium performs the function normally carried out by zinc in other anhydrases .
This was discovered with X @-@ ray absorption fluorescence spectroscopy ( XAFS ) .
Cadmium can be used to block calcium channels in chicken neurons .
Analytical methods for the determination of cadmium in biological samples have been reviewed .
Environmental concentrations can exceed adverse @-@ effect @-@ thresholds in cadmium @-@ polluted ecosystems ( e.g.
The bioinorganic aspects of cadmium toxicity have been reviewed .
The most dangerous form of occupational exposure to cadmium is inhalation of fine dust and fumes , or ingestion of highly soluble cadmium compounds .
Inhalation of cadmium fumes can result initially in metal fume fever but may progress to chemical pneumonitis , pulmonary edema , and death .
Cadmium is also an environmental hazard .
Bread , root crops , and vegetables also contribute to the cadmium in modern populations .
As a consequence , cadmium accumulated in the rice crops along the riverbanks downstream of the mines .
The victims of this poisoning were almost exclusively post @-@ menopausal women with low iron and other mineral body stores .
The International Agency for Research on Cancer has classified cadmium and cadmium compounds as carcinogenic to humans .
A recent study has demonstrated that endometrial tissue is characterized by higher levels of cadmium in current and former smoking females .
One hypothesis holds that cadmium is an endocrine disruptor and some experimental studies have shown that it can interact with different hormonal signaling pathways .
Tobacco smoking is the most important single source of cadmium exposure in the general population .
An estimated 10 % of the cadmium content of a cigarette is inhaled through smoking .
Despite the high cadmium content in cigarette smoke , there seems to be little exposure to cadmium from passive smoking .
In a non @-@ smoking population , food is the greatest source of exposure .
High quantities of cadmium can be found in crustaceans , mollusks , offal , and algae products .
Fertilizers made from animal dung ( e.g.
Zinc is chemically similar to cadmium and some evidence indicates the presence of Zn ions reduces cadmium toxicity .
The IDLH ( immediately dangerous to life and health ) level for cadmium is 9 mg / m3 .
CPSC issued specific recall notices for cadmium content in jewelry sold by Claire 's and Wal @-@ Mart stores .
The glasses were manufactured by Arc International , of Millville , NJ , USA .
The fighting occurred during a limited UN offensive by US I Corps , codenamed Operation Commando .
Today , the battle is widely regarded as one of the Australian Army 's greatest accomplishments during the war .
In September the offensive in this sector continued , targeting the next hill complex north of Bloody Ridge , known as Heartbreak Ridge .
During this period 3 RAR was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Francis Hassett .
The battalion also used the reduced operational tempo as an opportunity to train reinforcements .
The divisions to be used in the advance included the 1st Commonwealth Division , US 1st Cavalry Division and the 9th South Korean Division .
The 1st South Korean Division would remain in its existing position on the left flank .
In the sector occupied by 1st Commonwealth Division , Chinese communist forces were dug into a group of hills overlooking the Imjin River .
The division faced 6 @,@ 000 troops from the Chinese 191st Division , 64th Army under the overall command of Xie Zhengrong .
Cassels planned on capturing the Jamestown Line in three phases .
In the first phase , scheduled for 3 October , the 28th Brigade would take Hill 355 in the east @-@ central sector .
Lastly during the third phase , scheduled for 5 October , the 28th Brigade would capture Hills 217 and 317 .
Also in support were two British Centurion tank squadrons from the 8th Royal Irish Hussars .
Given the primary task of capturing Hill 317 , Hassett studied the approaches from the air and the ground .
Two previous attempts to take Maryang San by American troops had been unsuccessful .
Likewise , the Shropshires would assault and capture Hill 208 .
B Company was 200 metres ( 220 yd ) to the rear .
In the afternoon C Company was subjected to heavy shelling , losing one soldier wounded .
A Company then moved up behind C Company .
By mid @-@ morning , both the Shropshires and the Australians had successfully captured their objectives .
Expecting a counter @-@ attack , the Australians on Hill 199 began digging @-@ in , however no such attack occurred .
D Company subsequently returned and was allocated a position between C Company and the Borderers .
C and B Companies both received shelling during the day , wounding two men .
At 14 : 15 a second assault reached the objectives on the lower slopes , and these gains were consolidated by nightfall .
The attack was now behind schedule .
Thirteen Chinese were killed and three captured in the fighting , while Australian casualties included 11 wounded , one of whom subsequently died .
Gerke was later awarded the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) for his leadership .
No further resistance was encountered , although heavy Chinese artillery fire caused a number of casualties , including three killed .
The Canadians subsequently occupied the positions they were destined to hold for the next twenty @-@ two months of fighting .
They were then relieved by the Canadians by nightfall in preparation for the third phase of the operation .
However , following the delay in capturing Hill 355 , Hassett would not be ready to implement his plan until early the next day .
Air strikes by the Mustangs of No.
After initially achieving surprise a number of the forward Chinese outposts fell to the Fusiliers .
The assaulting companies would then move west towards a series of objectives before assaulting Hill 317 .
In contrast , the Australians faced two fresh Chinese battalions on Maryang San , in total about 1 @,@ 200 men .
Disorientated , the assaulting companies became separated and the battalion attack turned into a series of independent company attacks .
Chinese losses included 30 killed and 10 captured .
During the initial phase A Company had attacked southwest along a spur leading to Hill 317 and had met stiff opposition .
The diversion was largely successful however , causing the Chinese to reinforce against the attack , which they believed to be the main effort .
Clark was awarded the Military Cross while Sergeant W.J.
Rowlinson was awarded a bar to his Distinguished Conduct Medal for their actions during the fighting .
A Company continued to attack against heavy opposition and indirect fire , slowly pushing the Chinese defenders back .
Fully expecting a Chinese counter @-@ attack that evening , Hasset moved the Assault Pioneer Platoon to bolster the hasty defences .
These would be the scene of considerable fighting in the days to come as the Australians attempted to clear them .
Meanwhile , the Fusiliers would renew their attack on Hill 217 .
To do this the high ground to the north @-@ west of Maryang San , known as the Hinge , would be vital .
Indeed , adjacent to Hill 217 , the Hinge dominated it from the north .
One Australian was killed in the initial assault on Sierra , while a number were later wounded during the defence .
Chinese casualties included 19 killed , 30 wounded and seven captured .
Pembroke was later awarded the Military Cross .
Meanwhile , their flanking movements were also blocked by Chinese small arms and grenades .
Sensing the Fusiliers ' weakness , the Chinese then launched their own assault , forcing them to withdraw in contact .
Again , despite their efforts , the Fusiliers had failed to capture their objective .
B Company was subsequently allocated the attack .
In the early hours of 7 October the allied artillery and mortar bombardment began , targeting Chinese positions on the Hinge .
Chinese casualties included more than 20 killed .
As a result of the fighting Captain Henry Nicholls and Lieutenant Jim Hughes were awarded the Military Cross , while Corporal J.
Bosworth were awarded the Military Medal .
Yet even as the surviving Chinese withdrew , artillery and mortar fire began to fall on the Hinge .
Heavy mist concealed the Chinese advance , and this assisted many to penetrate the Australian perimeter .
The Chinese swept forward , but were stopped by intense small arms and artillery fire .
During one such assault Sergeant P.J.
Strong arranged the resupply of ammunition to the forward Australian sections .
Both were awarded the Military Medal .
However , this soon resulted in a large number of mechanical failures and weapon stoppages , causing additional problems for the defenders .
Their ammunition nearly exhausted , the Australians resorted to kicking and strangling many of the attacking Chinese during the brutal fighting .
The Australians had been victorious but were now exhausted after five days of heavy fighting .
Later it was estimated that the Australians had destroyed at least two Chinese battalions during the five @-@ day battle .
They were met by patrols from 1 KOSB on the Hinge , with the Borderers taking control of the area at 11 : 00 .
Hill 217 was latter occupied on 9 October by the Borderers .
They were finally relieved on 9 October .
The Royal Australian Regiment was subsequently granted the battle honours " Kowang @-@ San " and " Maryang San " .
Today , the First Battle of Maryang San is widely regarded as one of the Australian Army 's greatest accomplishments of the Korean War .
Air support , including that provided by the South African Mustangs , had been important throughout .
The battle was also noted for the pioneering use of tunnel warfare by the Chinese in the Korean War .
The company leader later claimed that the tunnel enabled the defenders to inflict 700 UN casualties while suffering only 21 casualties in return .
Patrolling forward of the Jamestown Line also began in order to prevent the Chinese from gaining control of no mans land .
Indeed , in addition to the heavy casualties suffered by 3 RAR , 1 RNF had lost 16 killed and 94 wounded .
They had then held the key position against several unsuccessful counterattacks before forcing the Chinese to retire .
It was not re @-@ gained , and remained in Chinese hands until the end of the war .
An oft @-@ quoted poem , it is popularly used to illustrate the dramatic monologue form .
Despite his reunion with his wife Penelope and son Telemachus , Ulysses yearns to explore again .
The character of Ulysses ( in Greek , Odysseus ) has been explored widely in literature .
The adventures of Odysseus were first recorded in Homer 's Iliad and Odyssey ( c .
Most critics , however , find that Tennyson 's Ulysses recalls Dante 's Ulisse in his Inferno ( c .
In the twentieth century , some new interpretations of " Ulysses " highlighted potential ironies in the poem .
His son Telemachus will inherit the throne that Ulysses finds burdensome .
There is often a marked contrast between the sentiment of Ulysses ' words and the sounds that express them .
The poem 's seventy lines of blank verse are presented as a dramatic monologue .
Unlike many of Tennyson 's other important poems , " Ulysses " was not revised after its publication .
Tennyson originally blocked out the poem in four paragraphs , broken before lines 6 , 33 and 44 .
In this structure , the first and third paragraphs are thematically parallel , but may be read as interior and exterior monologues , respectively .
However , the poem is often printed with the first paragraph break omitted .
Tennyson considered Hallam destined for greatness , perhaps as a statesman .
Tennyson 's friends were becoming increasingly concerned about his mental and physical health during this time .
The family had little income , and three of Tennyson 's brothers were mentally ill .
Tennyson shared his grief with his sister , Emily , who had been engaged to Hallam .
At the next , Ulysses is determined to transcend his age and his environment by travelling again .
It was more written with the feeling of his loss upon me than many poems in In Memoriam .
Other critics find stylistic incongruities between the poem and its author that make " Ulysses " exceptional .
Tennyson adopts aspects of the Ulysses character and narrative from many sources ; his treatment of Ulysses is the first modern account .
At the conclusion of Tennyson 's poem , his Ulysses is contemplating undertaking this new voyage .
Tennyson 's character , however , is not the lover of public affairs seen in Homer 's poems .
The poet 's intention to recall the Homeric character remains evident in certain passages .
Critics have also noted the influence of Shakespeare in two passages .
A beast , no more .
Ulysses turns his attention from himself and his kingdom and speaks of ports , seas , and his mariners .
However , critics note that in the Homeric narrative , Ulysses ' original mariners are dead .
The degree to which Tennyson identifies with Ulysses has provided one of the great debates among scholars of the poem .
Critics who find that Tennyson identifies with the speaker read Ulysses ' speech " affirmatively " , or without irony .
Key to the affirmative reading of " Ulysses " is the biographical context of the poem .
Until the early twentieth century , readers reacted to " Ulysses " sympathetically .
The meaning of the poem was increasingly debated as Tennyson 's stature rose .
Ulysses ' apparent disdain for those around him is another facet of the ironic perspective .
Other ironic readings have found Ulysses longing for withdrawal , even death , in the form of his proposed quest .
In noting the sense of passivity in the poem , critics highlight Tennyson 's tendency toward the melancholic .
Eliot opines that " Tennyson could not tell a story at all " .
He finds Dante 's treatment of Ulysses exciting , while Tennyson 's piece is " an elegiac mood " .
According to Victorian scholar Herbert Tucker , Tennyson 's characters " move " through time and space to be moved inwardly .
The contemporary reviews of " Ulysses " were positive and found no irony in the poem .
Homer presents his thought to you just as it wells from the source of his mind : Mr.
Tennyson carefully distils his thought before he will part with it .
Despite the critical acclaim " Ulysses " received , its rise within the Tennyson canon took decades .
Eliot called " Ulysses " a " perfect poem " .
Both poems are narrated by an aged man contemplating life 's end .
Pascoli 's Ulysses leaves Ithaca to retrace his epic voyage rather than begin another .
Many readers have accepted the acclaimed last lines of " Ulysses " as inspirational .
The poem 's ending line has also been used as a motto by schools and other organisations .
The release features ten of Yankovic 's song parodies , all of which pertain to food .
A similar album , The TV Album , which features songs entirely about television , would be released two years later .
Yankovic 's first eponymous album has two songs featured : " I Love Rocky Road " and " My Bologna " .
Also absent from the release is " Waffle King .
The album was released by Scotti Brothers Records and was only begrudgingly approved by Yankovic .
Lawrence " , an American voice actor , comedian , writer , storyboard artist , animator and director .
Just don 't eat too much , or you 'll probably get sick .
Count me among the Weird One 's biggest fans , and that 's why I flipped out when listening to The Food Album .
Upon release , The Food Album failed to chart ; however , it sold steadily .
This makes it Yankovic 's first and only compilation album to sell over 500 @,@ 000 copies and be certified Gold .
The current building of the Patriarchal Cathedral is considered by scholars to have been built in two stages .
The first stage of construction was carried out in the late 11th century or the 12th century .
There are several references to the cathedral in medieval sources .
Scholar Bistra Nikolova believes this to be an allusion to the Patriarchal Cathedral , which may have patronised the project .
Alternatively , the copy could have been made at the cathedral 's scriptorium , where Laloe may have worked .
The church was fully reconstructed in the 20th century ; reconstruction works were carried out by a team under architect Boyan Kuzupov .
As part of the Tsarevets architectural reserve , it is also listed among the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria .
The patriarchate on Tsarevets was a fortress of its own , with two defensive towers and an entrance on its west wall .
The Patriarchal Cathedral stood in the middle of its courtyard .
The Patriarchal Cathedral features a triple apse , the central part of which matches the apse of the original basilica on the site .
The three @-@ naved church follows the traditional Byzantine cross @-@ in @-@ square design .
The cathedral includes two narthices , a bell tower and two other premises attached to the south church wall .
The presence of a bell tower is considered to be a rarity in Balkan church architecture .
Six columns support the interior and distinguish the altar from the cella ( naos ) .
The church featured ample exterior and interior decoration .
The interior walls were covered with frescoes and mosaics .
However , none of the interior decoration has survived .
Due to these murals , the church has never been reconsecrated and remains inactive .
There are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church , two of which are burials for priests .
One of the burial grounds is inside the exonarthex , where overarched tombs were built in the 14th century .
Besides Michael the Warrior 's relics , the cathedral also housed the remains of Bulgarian patriarchs Joachim I , Macarius and Joachim III .
Throughout the project , Carey collaborated with Walter Afanasieff , with whom she wrote and produced most of her two previous albums .
With Daydream , Carey took more control over the musical direction as well as the album 's composition .
During the album 's production , Carey endured many creative differences with her label and husband Tommy Mottola .
It was also the first time she had worked with Boyz II Men , an R & B group consisting of four male vocalists .
Together , they wrote the concept and lyrics for " One Sweet Day , " a song that Carey co @-@ produced with Afanasieff .
Daydream was nominated for six Grammy Awards at the 38th annual ceremony , during which Carey performed live .
Due to the album 's critical and commercial success , critics believed Carey would be one of the night 's big winners .
However , to her dismay , she was completely shut out , causing the subject to become very public and controversial .
She left the annual ceremony empty @-@ handed .
Six singles were released from the album .
Jointly , the singles from Daydream spent a combined six months at the top of the Hot 100 .
To promote Daydream , Carey embarked on the short but successful , Daydream World Tour , visiting Japan and Europe .
At the time of its release , Daydream became Carey 's best @-@ reviewed album .
Critics universally praised her matured lyrics and songwriting , as well as her musical direction .
Daydream remains one of the best @-@ selling albums of all time , with 25 million copies sold worldwide .
Aside from being Carey 's second highest worldwide seller , Daydream served as her most personal and directly influenced album at the time .
During the album 's recording , Carey grew as an artist , as well as a writer .
It works to have me sing a ballad on stage in a long dress with my hair up .
One of the first songs that was recorded for the album was " Fantasy .
She had always been a fan of the song , and presented Dave Hall with the idea of sampling the song 's hook .
Hall incorporated a groove that he felt complimented Carey 's voice , while she composed some of the other beats and wrote the lyrics .
He was my ultimate choice , so I was really happy with the way it turned out .
Together , using Carey 's chorus and idea , as well as the melody they had produced , they wrote and composed the song .
It was produced by Afanasieff , who built on the song 's melody and added various grooves and beats .
I wrote the initial idea for ' One Sweet Day ' with Walter , and I had the chorus ...
It had basically the same lyrics and fit over the same chord changes .
It was really , really weird , we finished the song right then and there .
We were all kinda flipped about it ourselves .
Fate had a lot to do with that .
I know some people won 't believe it , but we wouldn 't make up such a crazy story .
Together , they built " a wall of background voices " in which she would cover with her final belting notes .
Carey felt the additions were simple steps taken to further display a contemporary R & B groove .
One of the more gospel @-@ influenced songs on the album was " I Am Free .
However , she was not going to completely abandon the type of songs that made her famous .
Her vocals in the song were described as " sliding over the insistent bassline like silk .
The song 's writing and production were " superb .
The song was a club remix of " Fantasy " , which was tuned and remixed by famed house music producer David Morales .
The song was directed to be a dance @-@ club song , further broadening Carey 's " musical horizon .
Daydream received universal acclaim at the time of its release .
AllMusic 's senior editor , Stephen Thomas Erlewine , awarded the album four and a half out of five stars .
Erlewine called Daydream her " best record yet " and wrote , " Mariah Carey certainly knows how to construct an album .
Daydream is her best record to date , featuring a consistently strong selection of songs and a remarkably impassioned performance by Carey .
I like the relaxed swing of " Always Be My Baby " , and the brisk waltz tempo of Forever .
Stephen Holden , editor of The New York Times , gave the album a positive review .
Holden wrote the following regarding Daydream " Ms.
Carey 's songwriting has taken a leap forward , becoming more relaxed , sexier , and less reliant on thudding cliches .
People gave the album a positive review , calling it " her fourth and best album .
Stephen Thomas Erlewine criticized the song , calling it " second rate " .
It also reached number one on Top R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Albums chart .
The album experienced success in Europe , where it reached number one in Germany , The Netherlands , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
Sales in France are estimated at 800 @,@ 000 copies .
In Japan , the album debuted at number one on the Oricon charts .
Daydream remains one of the best @-@ selling albums of all time , with sales of 25 million copies worldwide .
Six singles were released from Daydream .
The song spent eight consecutive weeks atop the chart , as well as topping the charts in Australia , Canada and New Zealand .
The song achieved success in the UK , Ireland and New Zealand , where it peaked at number four , seven and eight .
The song eventually reached and stayed atop the charts for two weeks , and then kept steady at number two for nine weeks .
The song peaked within the top five in Canada , New Zealand and the UK , but charted outside the top @-@ ten elsewhere .
In order to promote the album , Carey embarked on her second head @-@ lining tour .
The tour reached Japan and select European countries , not visiting the United States .
All of the musicians and background vocalists were under the supervision of Walter Afanasieff , who played the piano and guided the production .
The performance was filmed , and released as a DVD titled Fantasy : Mariah Carey at Madison Square Garden .
It became Carey 's fourth video release .
The shows became the fastest sellout in the stadium 's history , breaking the previous record held by The Rolling Stones .
The shows in Japan were a critical and commercial success , with critics and fans raving about the show and Carey 's vocals .
Carey 's presence in Asia in the 90s was unparalleled to any other international artist .
During the span of the tour 's seven short dates , Carey had already begun working on concepts for her new album Butterfly .
Mariah 's appearances overseas were heartening experiences for the singer .
The tour cemented the fact that Mariah Carey had arrived as the performing centerpiece on the world stage .
In addition to touring the world , Carey performed on a variety of television programs and award shows .
During her European promotional tour for the album , Carey performed " Open Arms " on various television programs , including Wetten , dass ..
The music industry took note of Carey 's success .
Carey , being a multiple award nominee , was one of the headlining performers .
Together with Boyz II Men , she sang a live rendition of " One Sweet Day , " to a very positive response .
However , as the award winners were announced one by one , Carey watched as her name was not called up even once .
Daydream had lost all of its six nominations , shocking most critics who branded it the " album of the year " .
By the end of the night , Carey had not won a single award .
The disappointment on her face was painfully obvious .
Carey directed the music video for " Fantasy " .
Additionally , she chose the concept and created the idea .
The video featured Carey in roller @-@ blades , blading through a theme @-@ park , while enjoying different rides and roller coasters .
The video then cut into scenes of Carey dancing on top of a car , celebrating an event with many friends .
The video for " Fantasy " debuted on September 7 , at the " MTV Video Music Awards .
They were saying , ' How 's she going to sing on a roller coaster ?
We put a little speaker on the bottom of the car , where my feet where .
We built the rig in front of the roller coaster and the lens kept falling off !
They had film crews and video guys , while I 'm at the board trying to produce .
And these guys were running around having a ball , because Mariah and them are laughing and screaming and they 're being interviewed .
And I 'm tapping people on the shoulder .
The video for " Always Be My Baby " was once again filmed by Carey .
It featured Carey swinging on a swing in the middle of a dark meadow , showing her frolicking through the woodlands .
Carey 's label used footage from her live performances of the song in New York City and Japan and compiled them into a video .
Track listing and credits from album booklet .
Leg before wicket ( lbw ) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket .
Critics felt this change made the game unattractive as it encouraged negative tactics at the expense of leg spin bowling .
However , the accuracy of the technology and the consequences of its use remain controversial .
Since the law 's introduction , the proportion of lbw dismissals has risen steadily through the years .
Before a batsman can be dismissed lbw , the fielding team must appeal to the umpire .
The law explicitly states that the off side is determined by the batsman 's position when the bowler commences his run @-@ up .
Cricket bats were modified to become straighter over the following years , allowing batsmen to stand closer to the wickets .
Subsequently , some players deliberately began to obstruct the ball from hitting the wickets .
However , critics noted that the umpires were left the difficult task of interpreting the intentions of batsmen .
Arthur Shrewsbury was the first prominent player to use such methods , and others followed .
Several proposals were made to prevent pad @-@ play .
Lyttelton 's brother , Robert , supported the alteration and campaigned for the rest of his life to have the lbw law altered .
The English fast bowler Harold Larwood responded by targeting leg stump , frequently hitting the batsman with the ball in the process .
The authorities believed these developments represented poor entertainment value .
To address the problem , and redress the balance for bowlers , the MCC made some alterations to the laws .
However , the ball was still required to strike the batsman in line with the wickets .
There were also fewer drawn matches .
The revised lbw law , and other alterations in the game in favour of the bowler , further encouraged such bowling .
Rather than alter the lbw law to combat the problem , the MCC reduced the number of fielders allowed on the leg side .
Critics continued to regard this tactic as " negative and unfair " .
The editor of Wisden believed the change encouraged batsmen to take more risks , and had produced more attractive cricket .
However , the proportion of wickets falling lbw sharply declined , and concerns were expressed in Australia .
The Australian authorities proposed a reversion to the previous law .
This trend is replicated in international cricket , where the increasing use of technology in reviewing decisions has altered the attitude of umpires .
Spin bowlers in particular win far more appeals for lbw .
The third umpire could only use technology to determine where the ball had pitched and if the batsman hit the ball with his bat .
The ICC judged the experiment unsuccessful and did not pursue it .
According to the ICC 's general manager , Dave Richardson , DRS increased the frequency with which umpires awarded lbw decisions .
I think if we 're totally honest , DRS has affected the game slightly more than we thought it would .
The BCCI believe the technology is unreliable and open to manipulation .
Amateurs administered English cricket , and offending one could end an umpire 's career .
Elsewhere in the world , lbws are more statistically likely in matches taking place on the Indian subcontinent .
However , batsmen from the subcontinent were less likely to be lbw wherever they played in the world .
Several studies investigating this perception have suggested that home batsmen are sometimes less likely than visiting batsmen to be lbw .
However , the data is based on lbw decisions awarded , not on the success @-@ rate of appeals to the umpire .
Although the reasons were again ambiguous , it found that lbws increased slightly under neutral umpires regardless of team or location .
Umpires are frequently criticised for their lbw decisions by players , commentators and spectators .
Historically , trouble ranging from protests and arguments to crowd demonstrations occasionally arose from disputed decisions .
The Family Jewels is the debut studio album recorded by Welsh singer Marina Diamandis , professionally known as Marina and the Diamonds .
She identifies the lyrical themes as " the seduction of commercialism , modern social values , family and female sexuality .
Contemporary music critics gave The Family Jewels fairly positive reviews , with the vocal delivery dividing opinions .
The record debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart with first @-@ week sales of 27 @,@ 618 copies .
The album was eventually certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry and has sold 195 @,@ 358 units in the United Kingdom .
The Family Jewels performed moderately on international record charts ; it peaked at number 138 on the Billboard 200 in the United States .
The Family Jewels was supported by five singles , all of which were supplemented by accompanying music videos .
Follow @-@ up singles " I Am Not a Robot " , " Oh No !
After dropping out of four institutions and failing in auditions , she began composing her own music .
After the success of her Myspace @-@ released debut EP Mermaid vs.
The opening track , " Are You Satisfied ?
Diamandis reportedly made producer Liam Howe take 486 vocal takes for " The Outsider " .
The following year , photographer Rankin directed the accompaniment for " I Am Not a Robot " , which used much body glitter .
Burza also filmed the video for " Oh No !
The video to " Shampain " made an homage to Michael Jackson 's Thriller .
It reached number 12 on the UK Singles Chart .
It was followed on 26 April by " I Am Not a Robot " , which peaked at number 26 on the same listing .
Diamandis went on her first headlining tour to promote the album , performing in Europe , North America and Australia .
Marina won 't be playing to a few hundred people above a trendy bar in the foreseeable future " .
The Family Jewels received mostly positive reviews .
More mixed reviews were critical of Diamandis ' vocal delivery .
Joe Rivers of No Ripcord praised " Are You Satisfied ?
The Family Jewels debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart with first @-@ week sales of 27 @,@ 618 copies .
The Family Jewels performed moderately on several international record charts .
It peaked at number 88 on the Dutch MegaCharts , number 100 on the Swiss Hitparade , and number 132 in France .
In Oceania , the album reached number 79 on the Australian ARIA Charts .
She cancelled performances in the United States in order to begin work on a new album .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Family Jewels .
The game kicked off at 3 : 00 p.m.
The Hurricanes scored a touchdown on the first drive of the game and tacked on another touchdown early in the second quarter .
After halftime , the Hokies threatened Miami for the first time all game .
But the Hurricanes ' defense clamped down on any further offensive attempts by Virginia Tech and denied the Hokies more points .
Though the Hokies traveled far less than Miami , they also hoped to improve upon their losing record .
Tech was coached by Bill Dooley , who was entering his third season as head coach .
Like Schnellenberger , he got his team off to a fast start .
In the season opener , Tech traveled to North Carolina to face the Wake Forest Demon Deacons .
Wake Forest had attended the Tangerine Bowl the previous year and was favored in the game against Tech .
Virginia Tech won its first four games of the regular season before falling to the nationally ranked Clemson Tigers on October 4 .
Tech 's selection by the Peach Bowl was announced in the locker room following the team 's final regular season game .
The Peach Bowl representative present was mobbed by celebrating players chanting " Peach Bowl !
Kelly 's 11 touchdowns tied the Miami record for most touchdowns in a season at that time .
Kelly 's favorite receiver was wide receiver Larry Brodsky , who caught 33 passes for 570 yards and three touchdowns during the regular season .
Roan was assisted by an able offensive line .
Miami 's defense shut out one opponent , and held six other opponents to single touchdowns or field goals .
Middle guard Jim Burt was one of the Hurricanes ' defensive leaders , recovering four fumbles in a single game during the regular season .
In recognition of this and other performances , Burt was named to the Associated Press All @-@ America list .
Also recognized was defensive back Fred Marion , who was named an honorable mention to the All @-@ America list .
Marion intercepted seven passes during the regular season , tying him for second in Miami history for the most interceptions in a season .
He also set a record for most carries by a Tech player in a season with 271 .
Tech quarterback Steve Casey was called the " key man in the Tech offense .
At the time , he ranked second among Tech 's career passing leaders , and was considered to be an offensive threat .
Casey 's favorite target was wide receiver Sidney Snell , who caught a Tech @-@ record eight touchdown receptions during the regular season .
Snell accounted for 568 yards on 43 receptions of all types .
Tight end Rob Purdham only caught seven passes during the regular season , but four of the catches were for touchdowns .
Tech permitted just 109 points during the season , and allowed only 11 touchdowns in 11 games .
The leading tackler on the Tech defense was freshman linebacker Ashley Lee , who accumulated 95 tackles during the regular season .
Lee was one of two freshman linebackers for the Hokies during their record @-@ breaking defensive season .
I guarantee the people who have seen him know he 's an All @-@ American .
More than 14 @,@ 000 of those present were estimated to be fans of Virginia Tech .
William Parkinson was the referee , Robert Aebersold was the umpire , and the linesman was Richard Farina .
Miami won the traditional pregame coin toss used to decide first possession and elected to receive the ball to begin the game .
After the Virginia Tech kickoff and a short return , Miami began the first drive of the game at its 32 @-@ yard line .
The game 's first play was an incomplete pass from Miami quarterback Jim Kelly .
Miami then committed a 15 @-@ yard penalty , pushing the Hurricanes back into their side of the field .
On the second play after the penalty , Kelly completed a 29 @-@ yard pass that gave Miami a first down .
Following Miami 's post @-@ touchdown kickoff , Virginia Tech began its first offensive possession of the game at its 24 @-@ yard line .
These drove Tech into Miami territory and gave the Hokies a first down .
Once there , however , Miami 's defense stiffened and Tech was forced to punt .
Miami recovered the ball at its 12 @-@ yard line , and the Hurricanes began their second possession of the game .
Fullback Chris Hobbs and running back Smokey Roan alternated carries , picking up yardage and first downs before entering Virginia Tech territory .
Following the penalties , Miami was unable to pick up a first down and punted back to the Hokies .
Tech recovered the punt at its 30 @-@ yard line and began its second possession .
Lawrence rushed for five yards , and Miami committed a five @-@ yard offsides penalty , giving Tech a first down by penalty .
Dovel and Lawrence then combined for another first down after two plays .
Tech was unable to gain another first down and punted the ball away .
Despite beginning with excellent field position , Tech was unable to score .
On the first play after the fumble recovery , Tech attempted to run a trick play involving a pass by Lawrence .
Three short rushes by fullback Speedy Neal resulted in 12 yards and a first down .
Miami began the second quarter in possession of the ball and facing a first down at the Virginia Tech 30 @-@ yard line .
From there , it took Miami just four plays to score .
Virginia Tech received the post @-@ touchdown kickoff and was promptly penalized 10 yards for an illegal block during the kickoff .
Despite the initial setback , Tech made good the penalty with two passes from quarterback Steve Casey .
After gaining one first down , the Hokies gained several more with a combination of passes from Casey and rushes from Lawrence .
Attempting to pass for a touchdown , however , Casey threw an interception at the goal line to a Miami defender .
The Hurricanes thus again denied Tech a scoring opportunity and the Miami offense began anew .
The Hurricanes picked up a first down on one rush each from Hobbs and Roan , but were unable to gain another .
After a Miami punt , Tech returned to offense from its 46 @-@ yard line .
Because Miami received the ball to begin the game , Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half .
After Miami 's kickoff and a touchback , Tech began the first possession of the second half at its 20 @-@ yard line .
The Hokies picked up a quick first down off a rush each by Lawrence , Dovel , and Casey .
Lawrence picked up another with two rushes that resulted in 13 yards and drove the Hokies to their 44 @-@ yard line .
Tech continued to drive , picking up short yardage with multiple rushes .
Two plays after the fumble , Lawrence vaulted over the goal line for Tech 's first and only touchdown of the game .
Following the Tech kickoff , Miami began a drive at its 20 @-@ yard line and went three and out .
Following the Hurricanes ' punt , Tech 's offense began work at its 22 @-@ yard line .
This possession was more successful than Miami 's first of the second half .
Kelly ran for four yards , then completed a six @-@ yard pass for a first down .
Unable to gain another first down or a touchdown , Miami was forced to settle for a field goal attempt .
Tech received Miami 's kickoff for a touchback , and the Hokies ' offense began work at the Tech 20 @-@ yard line .
Lawrence ran for six yards , and time ran out in the quarter .
Tech began the fourth quarter in possession of the ball and facing a second down at its 26 @-@ yard line .
Despite needing just another four yards for a first down , Tech was unable to gain the needed yardage and was forced to punt .
Kelly completed an 18 @-@ yard pass for a first down , but Miami was unable to gain another .
Tech 's punt was short , and Miami began a possession at the Tech 41 @-@ yard line .
The Hurricanes picked up a first down with two rushes by Roan for a total of 14 yards .
Despite further short gains by Roan , the Hurricanes were stopped short by the Tech defense and were unable to gain another .
Tech returned the kickoff to the 24 @-@ yard line but were penalized 12 yards for an illegal block .
Casey passed for an eight @-@ yard gain and ran for three yards for a first down .
After that gain , things went against the Hokies .
Casey was penalized 15 yards for intentional grounding , and Tech was unable to gain another first down .
The Hokies punted , and Miami took over on offense at its 46 @-@ yard line .
Kelly finished the game having completed 11 of his 22 pass attempts for 179 yards , one touchdown , and one interception .
Virginia Tech running back Cyrus Lawrence finished the game with 27 carries for 137 rushing yards and a touchdown .
The 27 carries remain the most ever recorded by a single Virginia Tech player in a bowl game .
Tech quarterback Steve Casey led the Hokies in passing yardage , completing nine of his 23 pass attempts for 119 yards and one interception .
The Hurricanes ' ground offense was led by Smokey Roan , who carried the ball 16 times for 86 yards .
Second to Roan for Miami was Chris Hobbs , who contributed 66 yards and a touchdown on 10 carries .
Hurricanes wide receiver Larry Brodsky finished with four catches for 80 yards and a touchdown .
Miami turned the ball over four times during the course of the game .
On defense , Virginia Tech linebacker Ashley Lee 's 15 tackles remains the most ever recorded by a Tech defender in a bowl game .
Three Tech players were tied for second on the team with eight tackles .
Behind defensive MVP Burt , Miami had one player with eight tackles and two with seven .
Fred Marion , one of the Hurricanes with seven tackles , also intercepted a Tech pass and broke up another pass .
In exchange for their participation , each team received $ 663 @,@ 389 .
Eventual star players Bruce Smith and Jesse Penn signed letters of intent with Virginia Tech following the game .
She is identifiable as the Magdalen from the jar of ointment placed in the foreground , which is her traditional attribute in Christian art .
She is presented as completely absorbed in her reading , a model of the contemplative life , repentant and absolved of past sins .
Iconography of the Magdalen commonly shows her with a book , in a moment of reflection , in tears , or with eyes averted .
The background of the painting had been overpainted with a thick layer of brown paint .
The two partially seen figures are both cut off at the edges of the London panel .
The drawing shows that The Magdalen occupied the lower right @-@ hand corner of the altarpiece .
Mary Magdalene as depicted in early Renaissance painting is a composite of various biblical figures .
Here , she is based on Mary of Bethany , who is identified as the Magdalene in the Roman Catholic tradition .
Mary of Bethany sat at Jesus ' feet and " listened to His Word " , and thus is seen as a contemplative figure .
The counterpoint is Mary 's sister Martha who , representative of the active life , wished that Mary would help her serve .
Four coloured cloth bookmarks are tied to a gold bar near the top of the spine .
She is seated on a red cushion and rests her back against a wooden sideboard .
By her feet is her usual attribute of an alabaster jar ; in the Gospels she brought spices to the tomb of Jesus .
Darwent wrote , " Even her fingers , absent @-@ mindedly circled , suggest completeness .
In her mix of purity and eroticism , van der Weyden 's Magdalen feels whole ; but she isn 't .
The fur lining of her dress is painted in a range of greys running from almost pure white to pure black .
The gold on the cloth is rendered with a variety of impasto , grid and dots of varying colour and size .
Mary is absorbed in her reading and seemingly unaware of her surroundings .
He notes that these tiny details would have been impossible for a viewer to observe when the altarpiece was in its intended position .
Other areas of the panel , however , have been described as dull and uninspired .
A number of objects placed on the cupboard are now barely visible save for their bases .
The object on the right seated on legs alongside a box is likely a small pitcher , possibly a reliquary .
A moulding to the left of the cupboard may represent a doorway .
This suggests that the Magdalene panel was the first to be cut from the larger work .
The black overpaint was likely added after the early 17th century when Netherlandish painting had fallen from favour and was unfashionable .
Such a size is comparable with smaller altarpieces of the period .
The London panel shows much of the clothing of two other figures from the original altarpiece .
To the left of the Magdalene is the red robe of what appears to be a kneeling figure .
The figure and robe , and less precisely the background , match a kneeling Saint John the Evangelist .
In the Stockholm drawing she is omitted , or only traces of her dress shown .
Such an inconsistency in a single van der Weyden work is unusual .
It is likely that the red is part of the contour of the missing figure of the Baptist " .
The small piece is on the outermost edge of the panel , and only visible when it was removed from the frame .
Ward believes the piece corresponds directly with the folds of John 's robes .
This carving is also now in Portugal .
She then became associated with weeping and reading : Christ 's mercy causes the eyes of the sinner to be contrite or tearful .
Early Renaissance artists often conveyed this idea by portraying contemplative eyes , associating tears with words , and in turn weeping with reading .
By the medieval period , reading became synonymous with devotion , which involved withdrawal from public view .
Whether the Magdalen herself was a reader , by the 17th century she was firmly established as such in the visual arts .
Her devotion to reading reflects her traditional status as the piously repentant harlot , as well as a prophetess or seer .
The Magdalen 's ointment jar was common in the lexicon of art in van der Weyden 's period .
She signified the " sacrament of anointing ( Chrism and Unction ) " by pouring precious spikenard on Christ 's feet at his tomb .
He proposes a c .
The painting is recorded in the inventory of Demoiselles Hoofman , also of Haarlem .
This was during a period of acquisition intended to establish the international prestige of the gallery .
The heads in Lisbon are still on their original oak panels .
The Stockholm drawing was discovered in a German inventory c .
It was written by Jack Burditt and was directed by Michael Engler .
The episode was praised by critics , with Alec Baldwin winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series .
Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) announces that Liz Lemon is the winner of the " G.E.
Followship Award " , a prize awarded to the G.E.
Rosemary pitches several controversial ideas to Jack , who orders Liz to fire her , but when Liz refuses , Jack fires them both .
Liz goes to Rosemary 's house , and once she realizes that Rosemary is crazy , she flees .
Liz goes back to Jack 's office and begs for her job back , and he happily rehires her .
Jack finds Tracy disobeying his order , but Tracy shouts that Jack is not his dad .
Tracy hugs Jack , and tells him that he is the only family he needs .
Before the event starts , Pete comes in and yells at the pages to get back to work .
He forces Donny to give Kenneth a new jacket , but Donny swears to Jenna and Kenneth that he will get back at them .
Star Wars is also referenced when Tracy Jordan takes on the identity of the character Chewbacca .
Fey attributed most of the references to Robert Carlock , who she described as " the resident expert " .
Prior to the airing of the episode , fans were " raving " about the much awaited guest appearance of Fisher .
Fisher 's last line in the episode , " Help me , Liz Lemon !
You 're my only hope !
According to the Nielsen ratings system , " Rosemary 's Baby " was viewed by an average of 6 @.@ 5 million American viewers .
The 3 @.@ 1 rating refers to 3 @.@ 1 % of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds in the U.S.
Matt Webb Mitovich of TV Guide declared it as " one of 30 Rock 's best episodes ever .
Sassone called the therapy scene " one of the funniest scenes ...
Canning called the therapy scene " the best moment of the episode " .
The album is the fourth of Yankovic 's to be produced by former The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer .
The album 's lead single was " Living With a Hernia " , although it was not a hit and did not chart .
The music on Polka Party !
These style parodies include imitations of specific artists like the Talking Heads , as well as imitations of various musical genres like country music .
Peaking at only number 177 on the Billboard 200 , Polka Party !
To produce the album , Yankovic brought in former The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer , who had also produced Yankovic 's previous albums .
Backing Yankovic were Jon " Bermuda " Schwartz on drums , Steve Jay on bass , and Jim West on guitar .
The album was recorded in roughly three sessions .
Lyrically , the song is a plea by the singer to his wife not to not wear certain shoes which he cannot stand .
Each horrible thing escalates up to global annihilation while more mundane annoyances pop up at different times .
On April 23 , Yankovic recorded " Christmas at Ground Zero " .
After Yankovic presented the song to his label , they relented , because it was " a little different from what they were expecting .
Yankovic wanted the song to receive a video , but due to budget reasons , his label did not agree .
On August 4 , Yankovic began recording parodies starting with " Living With a Hernia " .
When it came time to pick a song to parody as the lead single for Polka Party !
After " Living in America " became a hit , the record label insisted that Yankovic parody the song , to which Yankovic obliged .
In order to accurately write the song , Yankovic researched the various types of hernias .
Yankovic noted that " it was a real thrill to do James Brown .
A parody of Palmer 's video , however , was later inserted into Al 's " UHF " video .
On August 5 , Yankovic recorded " Here 's Johnny " , a parody of " Who 's Johnny " by El DeBarge .
Assuming the song would be a hit , Yankovic requested and received permission from Jagger to record a parody version .
Therefore , he recorded the spoof anyway .
The album 's polka medley , the titular " Polka Party !
This was Yankovic 's third polka medley , and his only medley to bear the same name as an album .
Like his other medleys , the song is a conglomeration of then @-@ popular songs in music .
Unlike previous albums , Yankovic did not undertake a tour to promote Polka Party !
Instead , he opened for the American rock band The Monkees ; Yankovic later joked that the Monkees merely " closed for me " .
Allmusic reviewer Eugene Chadbourne gave the album three stars and wrote that " just about anyone could feel let down by this album .
Christopher Thelen from The Daily Vault gave Polka Party !
After it was released , the album peaked at number 177 on the Billboard 200 .
Yankovic was dismayed by the album 's lackluster reception .
The following is adapted from the album liner notes .
Kilmer is most remembered for " Trees " , which has been the subject of frequent parodies and references in popular culture .
Despite this , the popular appeal of " Trees " has contributed to its endurance .
Literary critic Guy Davenport considers it " the one poem known by practically everybody .
It was written in the afternoon in the intervals of some other writing .
The desk was in an upstairs room , by a window looking down a wooded hill .
It was dedicated to his wife 's mother , Mrs.
Henry Mills Alden , who was endeared to all her family .
Kilmer 's poetry was influenced by " his strong religious faith and dedication to the natural beauty of the world .
Just any trees or all trees that might be rained on or snowed on , and that would be suitable nesting places for robins .
I guess they 'd have to have upward @-@ reaching branches , too , for the line about ' lifting leafy arms to pray .
Kilmer 's neighbors had difficulty in believing that a man who could do that could also be a poet .
All but one of the lines has the full eight syllables of iambic tetrameter .
The poem 's rhyme scheme is rhyming couplets rendered aa bb cc dd ee aa .
Winchell posits that if the tree described were to be a single human being it would be " an anatomically deformed one .
There is no warrant in the poem to say that it is different trees that remind the poet of these different types of people .
However , Winchell observes that this " series of fanciful analogies ...
Eliot , Ezra Pound , H.D.
Poetry paid Kilmer six dollars to print the poem , which was immediately successful .
The following year , Kilmer included " Trees " in his collection Trees and Other Poems published by the George H.
Joyce Kilmer 's reputation as a poet is staked largely on the widespread popularity of this one poem .
Despite the enduring popular appeal of " Trees " , most of Joyce Kilmer 's works are largely unknown and have fallen into obscurity .
A select few of his poems , including " Trees " , are published frequently in anthologies .
It comforted troops in the trenches of World War I.
In the years after Kilmer 's death , poetry went in drastically different directions , as is seen in the work of T.
Eliot and Ezra Pound , and academic criticism grew with it to eschew the more sentimental and straightforward verse .
Local tradition in Swanzey , New Hampshire asserts without proof that Kilmer wrote the poem while summering in the town .
This tree , the " Kilmer Oak " , was estimated to be over 300 years old .
The remains of the original Kilmer Oak are presently kept in storage at Rutgers University .
According to Dorothy Corson , the claim was first made by a priest named Henry Kemper .
The English word for gymnasium equipment is ' apparatus .
For example , ' O , that we could displace the machine god and put a man god in his place !
Machine of the universe !
I know one that comes pretty close to it , " and proceeds to play the Rasbach setting of " Trees .
This poem was not published during Merton 's lifetime .
In his poem , Merton attributed his parody to " Joyce Killer @-@ Diller .
Luthor ridicules the poem .
Adult spiders measure between 3 and 4 @.@ 5 mm in length .
The cephalothorax and abdomen are bronze to black in color , with reddish brown or yellowish legs .
Like many jumping spiders , Z.
The specific name is derived from the Latin sex meaning " six " and punctum meaning " spot " .
This is a reference to the six spots typically occurring on the abdomen of the male .
Later entomologists abandoned this classification , which Hentz himself admitted was " somewhat artificial " .
No type specimens are known .
The genus Zygoballus contains approximately twenty species distributed from the United States to Argentina .
Zygoballus is classified in the subfamily Dendryphantinae of the family Salticidae ( jumping spiders ) .
Like all Zygoballus spiders , the cephalothorax is box @-@ like in shape , being widest at the posterior lateral eyes .
Numerous white or pale blue scales cover the clypeus ( " face " ) and chelicerae .
This covering extends around the sides of the carapace , ending beyond the posterior median eyes .
In males , the labium is two @-@ fifths as long as the maxillae , and as wide as it is long .
The anterior legs have three pairs of long spines on the ventral surface of the tibia and two pairs of spines on the metatarsus .
In females , the fourth pair of legs are the longest .
The pedipalp in the male has a single tibial apophysis which tapers gradually .
The abdomen is bronze to black with a white basal band and two white transverse bands .
The transverse bands are often broken to form six spots .
Some or all of these spots may be lacking , however .
Zygoballus sexpunctatus is similar in appearance to Zygoballus rufipes , with whom its range overlaps .
The male can be distinguished from Z.
The female can best be distinguished by the form of the epigyne ( the external genital structure ) .
Hentz collected his original specimen in North Carolina .
A seven @-@ year survey of spider species in western Mississippi reported the abundance of Z.
A one @-@ year survey in Alachua County , Florida , reported the species as " rare " .
Robert and Betty Barnes reported the species as occurring in broomsedge fields throughout the southeastern Piedmont .
Male Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiders are known to exhibit elaborate courtship displays .
As a male approaches a female , it will typically raise and spread its first pair of legs and vibrate its abdomen .
If the female is receptive , it will often vibrate its abdomen as well .
The specific patterns of courtship behavior , however , vary between individuals .
During agonistic display , males will also extend their pedipalps and fangs .
Lethal attacks between males appear to be rare , however .
Like most spiders , Zygoballus sexpunctatus is an opportunistic feeder , feeding on a wide range of invertebrate prey .
The spider 's diet typically includes small insects such as aphids and young caterpillars .
They have also been known to eat mosquitoes and numerous kinds of small spiders .
In a study of spider populations in western Tennessee , Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiderlings were reported to hatch from egg sacs in mid summer .
The spiders hibernated through the winter in an immature form and reached sexual maturity around late April .
Facing the Hokies in the Peach Bowl were the 18th @-@ ranked Wolfpack from North Carolina State University .
In the third quarter , the game turned into a defensive battle .
After a failed possession , Tech was forced to punt the ball , allowing NC State to run down the clock .
The Virginia Tech defense eventually forced a stop , giving the Tech offense one final chance to win the game .
There , kicker Chris Kinzer successfully kicked a 40 @-@ yard field goal as time expired to give Virginia Tech the win .
Still , the bowl 's future was in doubt .
In their first game , the Hokies faced the Cincinnati Bearcats .
The drive eventually resulted in a game @-@ winning touchdown for Cincinnati .
Following the Temple game , Tech returned to its winning ways , defeating archrival Virginia , Kentucky , Richmond , and Vanderbilt .
Those losing seasons also resulted in the firing of head coach Tom Reed , who was replaced by Dick Sheridan .
Sheridan 's first game with the Wolfpack was at home against East Carolina on September 6 .
On October 11 , NC State traveled to Grant Field in Atlanta , Georgia , home of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets .
Following the loss to the Yellow Jackets , said linebacker Pat Teague , " the coaches and players came together .
The coaches were hurting as bad as we were .
We pulled them up and they pulled us up .
That was the turning point .
One of the victories was against the Clemson Tigers , who would ultimately go on to win that year 's ACC football championship .
On November 8 , NC State traveled to Charlottesville , Virginia , to play the Virginia Cavaliers .
Despite that missed opportunity , NC State finished the season with a winning record and received a bid to the Peach Bowl .
This fact was revealed to the football team and the general public after Tech 's third game of the season .
As part of the out @-@ of @-@ court settlement , Dooley was required to quit his position following the Peach Bowl .
In the weeks leading up to the game , Dooley dodged questions about his future .
On December 23 , it was announced that Murray State head coach Frank Beamer would replace Dooley after the Peach Bowl .
During the regular season , NC State averaged 359 yards on offense per game , while Virginia Tech averaged 358 yards .
On defense , State gave up an average of 402 yards per game , while Tech allowed an average of 366 yards .
NC State averaged almost 28 points per game , while Virginia Tech averaged just over 24 points .
This statistical parity was reflected by pre @-@ game point spreads , which favored NC State by two points .
State 's offense was mostly accumulated through the air , as the Wolfpack averaged less than 160 yards per game on the ground .
Virginia Tech 's offense was slightly more balanced , featuring two running backs who had success throughout the regular season .
Tech defensive end Morgan Roane was also suspended from playing for reasons not revealed by the university .
On defense , Tech allowed an average of 190 yards per game through the air .
Free safety Carter Wiley and cornerback Billy Myers had three interceptions each during the regular season .
Virginia Tech linebacker Lawrence White was expected to miss the game after undergoing knee surgery following the Hokies ' last regular @-@ season game .
White was the team 's No.
The Hokies ' rush defense allowed an average of 175 rushing yards per game and 14 total rushing touchdowns .
Both Virginia Tech and NC State featured All @-@ America placekickers .
The wind was from the south at 12 miles per hour ( 19 km / h ) .
Virginia Tech won the ceremonial pre @-@ game coin toss , and elected to kick off to NC State .
Therefore , the Wolfpack received the ball to begin the game , while Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half .
The referee for the game was John Nealon , Bob Pickens was the umpire , and Ed Maracich was the linesman .
Each team received more than $ 600 @,@ 000 for participating in the game .
That play was a short run to the right .
Tech returned the punt to its 21 @-@ yard line , where the Tech offense took over .
The run was the longest of Williams ' career and is a Peach Bowl record for longest play from scrimmage .
Two plays later , Virginia Tech 's Eddie Hunter crossed the goal line and scored the game 's first points .
Tech punter Tony Romero , kicking from the Tech goal line , had his kick blocked by State defender Derrick Taylor .
The ball rolled into the Virginia Tech end zone and was recovered by an NC State 's Brian Bulluck for a touchdown .
Facing fourth down , Tech sent in kicker Chris Kinzer to attempt a 46 @-@ yard field goal , which was successfully completed .
The Wolfpack picked up a quick first down but were forced to punt when they did not gain another .
Tech began the second quarter in possession of the ball with a first down at their 13 @-@ yard line .
With 13 : 05 remaining in the quarter , NC State had its first offensive possession of the second quarter .
Virginia Tech returned the post @-@ touchdown kickoff to its 26 @-@ yard line .
The Wolfpack offense took over at the 46 @-@ yard line of Virginia Tech .
On its first play after the interception , Kramer completed a 19 @-@ yard pass to Haywood Jeffires .
After a short run , Kramer completed a 13 @-@ yard pass to Jeffries for another first down .
Following the score , kickoff , and return , Tech began another offensive possession at its 24 @-@ yard line .
The Hokies picked up two first downs and drove into NC State territory , but the clock continued to tick toward halftime .
There was now just over two minutes remaining in the quarter .
Because NC State received the ball to begin the game , Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half .
Tech received NC State 's kickoff and returned it to the 10 @-@ yard line , where the Hokie offense began work .
Tech began working down the field , running the ball for short gains and throwing passes for longer gains .
Tech picked up three first downs , then reached NC State territory on a pass to Donnelly .
The ball landed at the NC State 12 @-@ yard line where the Wolfpack began a drive .
After the kick , Tech took over on offense at its 27 @-@ yard line .
On Tech 's first play after the punt , however , Hunter fumbled the ball after a 10 @-@ yard rush .
NC State recovered the ball , and the Wolfpack offense returned to the field at the Tech 40 @-@ yard line .
On their first play after the fumble recover , Kramer completed a 12 @-@ yard pass to Worthen for a first down .
During the next play , Kramer fumbled the ball while attempting to run with it , and Virginia Tech 's defense recovered .
This allowed the Tech offense to return to the field and attempt another offensive drive beginning at their 27 @-@ yard line .
Tech picked up a first down , then Chapman was forced to scramble for a first down after facing third and 10 .
Stopped inches short of gaining the first down , Tech risked turning the ball over by attempting to convert the fourth down .
Unlike their previous try in the game , Tech was successful and the Hokies ' drive continued .
Tech continued to pick up yardage and first downs , advancing deep into the NC State side of the field .
Inside the State 30 @-@ yard line , Tech quarterback Chapman was sacked for a 10 @-@ yard loss .
He responded by throwing a 30 @-@ yard pass on the next play , driving Virginia Tech inside the State one @-@ yard line .
Virginia Tech elected to attempt a two @-@ point conversion , which was unsuccessful .
NC State received Tech 's post @-@ touchdown kickoff and returned the ball to their 32 @-@ yard line .
The ball was recovered by Virginia Tech , and the Hokie offense took the field .
The first Virginia Tech play of the quarter was a first @-@ down throw to David Everett that drove the Hokies into Wolfpack territory .
Tech followed the pass by driving down the field with alternating run and pass plays .
Tech penetrated the NC State 20 @-@ yard line with 12 minutes remaining in the quarter , and continued to drive .
With a first down at the State seven @-@ yard line , it took Tech just two plays to earn a touchdown .
The Hokies again attempted a two @-@ point conversion , but were again stopped short .
After a short play , Kramer again completed a long pass , this time to Bobby Crumpler for 24 yards .
The Hokies picked up a first down on three short rushing plays , then another on a single passing play .
This drove the Hokies to their 45 @-@ yard line with just over five minutes to play .
Tech was unable to gain another first down and was forced to punt the ball to NC State .
Because State retained possession , it was able to continue to run down the clock after the fake punt .
Tech stopped the clock once by calling a timeout and prevented State from gaining another first down .
With 2 : 01 remaining in the game , State punted the ball into Tech 's end zone for a touchback .
Tech picked up one first down via a pass , then another as the Hokies drove to their 44 @-@ yard line .
Following the timeout , the Hokies ran for a first down , penetrating to the NC State 44 @-@ yard line .
With 53 seconds remaining , Chapman scrambled out of bounds on a short run .
A few plays later , Tech ran a short running play that kept the clock running down .
On the game 's next play , Chapman passed the ball deep , toward the end zone .
Though the pass fell incomplete , a game official called a 15 @-@ yard pass interference penalty against NC State .
Kramer finished the game having completed 12 of his 19 passes for 155 yards .
Williams finished the game with 16 carries for 129 yards , and was the game 's leading rusher .
The second @-@ place rusher was fellow Hokie running back Hunter , who ran with the ball 22 times for 113 yards .
NC State 's leading rusher was fullback Mal Crite , who finished the game with 14 carries for 101 yards .
Peach Bowl officials pronounced themselves pleased with both the turnout for the game and the action on the field .
This was an improvement over the three previous Peach Bowls , which lost more than $ 170 @,@ 000 .
He attended several NFL teams ' tryouts , but a contract to play in the league never materialized .
The ACC now sends a team to the later @-@ renamed Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A Bowl every year .
The light is 52 feet ( 16 m ) tall and is made of five courses that make up its four stories .
The lantern measures 7 feet ( 2 @.@ 1 m ) in diameter .
The Greens Ledge Light replaced the Sheffield Island Light .
Currently a VRB @-@ 25 is in use and it has alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds .
The assembled rings are lowered into the water and filled with concrete or stone , concrete for the Greens Ledge Light .
The four @-@ story structure of the lighthouse is assembled from five courses of curved iron plates .
The plain prefabricated features underwent a period of development of which the Greens Ledge Light was part of a second phase .
The original roofing and some cast @-@ iron stanchions of the decks are able to be seen atop the riprap .
The cast @-@ iron door to the lighthouse faces south and at the time of nomination the windows were sealed with plywood .
The first floor of the lighthouse serves as the kitchen .
The second level has two rooms split by a partition with the smaller room being a bathroom .
The third level was not divided , but did not have a description in the National Historic Register of Places survey .
The lighthouse 's lantern measures 7 feet ( 2 @.@ 1 m ) in diameter .
Once active , the Sheffield Island Light was discontinued .
The light characteristic was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds .
The light continues to serve as an active aid to navigation .
The current light characteristic is an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds .
The white and red flashes can be seen for 18 nautical miles and 15 nautical miles , respectably .
During its service , the tower began to tilt and the keepers moved all the furniture to one side of the tower .
The lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for Walter DuBois Richards , an artist , for over forty years .
This list includes known keepers , but excludes assistants and non @-@ officers of the Coast Guard .
The British frigate was HMS Africaine , a new arrival to the Indian Ocean .
She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet , who had served there the previous year .
Corbet was severely wounded in the opening exchanges and subsequently died .
One of Rowley 's captains who had performed well in this engagement was Robert Corbet of HMS Nereide .
As a result , two frigates grounded out of range of the enemy and the remaining two were outnumbered in confined waters .
Rowley 's reinforcements arrived too late , and the British commodore was chased back to Saint Denis by Hamelin 's flagship .
While Rowley and Hamelin had sparred in the Indian Ocean , Corbet had made the lengthy journey back to Britain .
To emphasise the threat , the frigate HMS Menelaus was brought alongside with her gunports open and her cannon ready to fire .
There Corbet was informed of the disaster at Grand Port and on his own initiative immediately sailed south to augment Rowley 's weakened squadron .
As the boats approached , French soldiers and militia appeared along the banks and began firing on the British sailors .
Otter and Staunch both fell rapidly behind Boadicea , while Africaine pulled far ahead .
As a result , he slowed and prepared to meet the British frigate as night fell .
By 03 : 30 , Africaine was in ruins .
By 17 : 00 , Boadicea pulled alongside Africaine and the French prize crew surrendered .
On each occasion however , Rowley was able to recapture the lost frigate and drive off the French attackers .
Africaine was seriously damaged and would not be ready to return to active service for some months .
The action was considered a defeat by the Admiralty and was not reported in the London Gazette .
He later castigates Brenton for the suggestion that Corbet committed suicide , suggesting that the wound alone was the cause of death .
By July 1 that same year , the southern segment was extended west to Clyde Park Avenue in Wyoming Township .
It started at US 16 in Walker Township and ran south to Grandville where it turned to run eastward to the community of Cascade .
The section along the east side of the city was completed as M @-@ 114 .
A northern leg was added along 3 Mile Road at the same time .
The eastern leg was assigned a BYP US 131 designation , thereby eliminating the last remaining portion of M @-@ 114 .
A BYP M @-@ 21 designation was also used along part of the southern and eastern legs .
East Beltline now carries M @-@ 37 and M @-@ 44 .
Further north , the highway split into two .
The entire highway was in Kent County .
The entire highway was in Grand Rapids Township , Kent County .
Having grown up with her future husband , who was her father 's ward , she married at about age 16 .
They had 13 children .
Reformed in religious outlook , she was also a supporter of the Protestant martyr Anne Askew .
Mary I being victorious , the Duchess sought frantically to save her husband 's life .
She died soon afterwards , aged 46 .
The match had been arranged by their parents some years before .
Jane Dudley gave birth to 13 children , eight boys and five girls .
In most cases it is impossible to establish their birthdates exactly .
Since his son Richard had predeceased him , Guildford 's nephew , John Guildford , claimed the inheritance .
The Dudleys maintained that Guildford 's daughter Jane was the natural heir .
They finally won the resulting court case with the assistance of Thomas Cromwell .
Jane Dudley served as a lady @-@ in @-@ waiting to Anne Boleyn , and later to Anne of Cleves .
As one of her closest friends , the Viscountess Lisle was among the four ladies leading her to the altar on the marriage day .
Renaissance humanism and science figured large in the Dudley children 's education .
Somerset , who had been imprisoned in the Tower of London , was soon allowed to rejoin the Council .
Before his release , the Duchess of Somerset and the Countess of Warwick had arranged daily banquets in order to reconcile their husbands .
A marriage between their respective eldest son and daughter , Anne Seymour and John Dudley , was equally promoted by the two ladies .
Jane Grey was the daughter of Frances Grey , Duchess of Suffolk , a niece of Henry VIII by his younger sister Mary .
The initiative for the matches had probably come from the Marchioness of Northampton .
Lady Jane Grey accepted the Crown only after remonstrances by her parents and parents @-@ in @-@ law .
According to Jane 's own exculpatory letter to Queen Mary a few months later , Guildford now wanted to be made king .
Furious , the Duchess took the side of her son , before she told him to leave the Tower and go home .
Jane , however , insisted that he remain at court .
Mary was gathering strength , and on 14 July the Duke marched to Cambridge with troops to capture her .
As it came , he passed a tranquil week until he heard on 20 July that the Council in London had declared for Mary .
On the orders of the Privy Council Northumberland himself now proclaimed Queen Mary at the market @-@ place and awaited his arrest .
His wife was still in the Tower , but was soon released .
She tried to intercede personally for her imprisoned husband and five sons with Mary , who was staying outside London .
However , five miles before reaching the court the Duchess was turned away on the Queen 's orders .
Lord Paget may also have proved helpful , and Henry Sidney even travelled to Spain in their cause .
His godmother was his grandmother Jane Dudley , while his godfather was Philip of Spain .
Elgin Cathedral is a historic ruin in Elgin , Moray , north @-@ east Scotland .
Its deterioration was arrested in the 19th century , by which time the building was in a substantially ruinous condition .
Today , these walls are at full height in places and at foundation level in others yet the overall cruciform shape is still discernible .
It accommodates a large window opening that now only contains stub tracery work and fragments of a large rose window .
The two towers of the west front are mostly complete and were part of the first phase of construction .
Only the precentor 's manse is substantially intact ; two others have been incorporated into private buildings .
A protective wall of massive proportions surrounded the cathedral precinct , but only a small section has survived .
It is uncertain whether there were bishops of Moray before c .
He was probably bishop in name only , with the first resident diocesan being Richard of Lincoln .
He is recorded for the last time when he witnessed a charter granted by David I to Dunfermline Abbey in c .
These early bishops had no settled location for their cathedral , and sited it successively at the churches of Birnie , Kinneddar and Spynie .
A chapter of five dignitaries and three ordinary canons was authorised and based its constitution on that of Lincoln Cathedral .
It is believed that he also burned Pluscarden Priory at this time , which was officially under the Bishop 's protection .
For this act , Lochaber and his captains were excommunicated , prompting Lochaber 's return in September to give reparation and gain absolution .
Increasingly , the appropriation of the parish church revenues led in many cases to churches becoming dilapidated and unable to attract educated priests .
By the later Middle Ages , the standard of pastoral care outside the main burghs had significantly declined .
The dignitaries and canons constituted the chapter and had the primary role of aiding the bishop in the governance of the diocese .
Bishop Bricius 's chapter of eight clerics consisted of the dean , precentor , treasurer , chancellor , archdeacon and three ordinary canons .
Many churches were allocated to support designated canons , and a small number were held in common .
The bishop received mensal and prebendary income in his separate positions as prelate and canon .
In Moray , these courts were held in Elgin and Inverness .
Although the chapter followed the constitution of Lincoln , the form of divine service copied that of Salisbury Cathedral .
King Alexander II founded a chaplaincy for the soul of King Duncan I who died in battle with Macbeth near Elgin .
The chapel most frequently referenced in records was St Thomas the Martyr , located in the north transept and supported by five chaplains .
Despite these numbers , not all the clergy were regularly present at the services in Elgin Cathedral .
Absence was an enduring fact of life in all cathedrals in a period when careerist clerics would accept positions in other cathedrals .
The dean of Elgin was permanently in attendance ; the precentor , chancellor , and treasurer , were available for half the year .
The non @-@ permanent canons had to attend continuously for three months .
Master Gregory the mason and Master Richard the glazier are mentioned in the chartulary of the cathedral .
The houses of 17 vicars and the many chaplains were also situated outside the west wall .
The Panns Port illustrates the portcullis defences of the gate @-@ houses ( Fig .
Each canon or dignitary was responsible for providing his own manse and was built to reflect his status within the chapter .
The remnants of the original building were finally demolished during a 19th @-@ century redevelopment of the area .
There were two friaries in the burgh .
Ross was assisted in this by the Lairds of Innes and Brodie who chopped it up for firewood .
At some point the cathedral grounds had become the burial ground for Elgin .
Following this collapse , the " quarrying " of the cathedral 's stone work for local projects began .
Many artists visited Elgin to sketch the ruins , and it is from their work that the slow but continuing ruination can be observed .
It was probably during his tenure at the SOW that the supporting buttresses to the choir and transept walls were built .
Sponsored by local gentleman Isaac Forsyth , Shanks cleared the grounds of centuries of rubbish dumping and rubble .
Some minor works took place during the remainder of the 19th century and continued into the early 20th century .
The first church was markedly cruciform in shape and smaller than the present floor plan .
The central tower rose above the crossing between the north and south transepts and may have held bells in its upper storey .
The south transept 's southern wall is nearly complete , displaying the fine workmanship of the first phase .
It also shows the round early Norman window design that continued to be used in Scotland during the entire Gothic period ( Fig .
The windows and the quoins are of finely cut ashlar sandstone .
A doorway in the south @-@ west portion of the wall has large mouldings and has a pointed oval window placed above it .
Adjacent to the doorway are two lancet @-@ arched windows that are topped at the clerestory level with three round @-@ headed windows .
Chapels were added to the new outer aisles of the nave and were partitioned from each other with wooden screens .
This fire was very destructive , requiring the central tower to be completely rebuilt along with the principal arcades of the nave .
The entire western gable between the towers was reconstructed and the main west doorway and chapterhouse were refashioned .
Bishop Andrew was the half @-@ brother of King James II .
Andrew Stewart ( d .
Columba de Dunbar ( c .
It dates from the 14th century , with later additions and a major restoration in the late @-@ 19th century .
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building .
The church was built in the Gothic style , and has historically been associated with the Stanley family of Alderley .
An ancient yew tree stands in the churchyard .
St Mary 's is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield , and the deanery of Knutsford .
Its benefice is combined with that of St Catherine 's , Birtles .
The church 's original dedication was to Saint Lawrence , but that was later changed to Saint Mary .
A clerestory was added in the 15th century .
Over the north aisle is a dormer window .
The tower has diagonal buttresses .
Its west door has 14th @-@ century mouldings and above the door is a three @-@ light window .
The stage above this contains ringers ' windows on the north and west faces and a diamond @-@ shaped clock on the south face .
Above these the belfry windows on all faces have two lights .
The top of the tower is embattled and contains the bases of eight pinnacles .
Below the parapet is a string course with large grotesque gargoyles .
At the west end of the nave roof is a bellcote .
The Stanley pew projects to the east of the south porch .
In the porch are grooves which were cut where arrows were sharpened .
The barrel @-@ shaped nave roof dates possibly from the early 16th century .
Its front is richly carved and displays six panels with coats of arms .
Richards states that it is one of the finest of its kind in the country and that it is unique in Cheshire .
The gallery contains the organ which replaces an earlier organ .
It consists of a plain circular bowl on four short cylindrical columns with moulded bases .
Richards considers it to be one of the finest examples of 14th @-@ century work in Cheshire .
The church has two old Bibles , a Vinegar Bible and a Breeches Bible .
The chancel contains memorials to the Lords Stanley of Alderley .
Engraved in brass on the side of the memorial are the figures of his widow and children .
The chancel contains a monument to Rev.
The stained glass window to the left of the pulpit was donated by the Greg family of Styal Mill .
It is now used as a parish hall and is listed Grade II * .
The mausoleum is built in ashlar buff and red sandstone with a Kerridge stone @-@ slate roof .
On the sides of the upper storey are three four @-@ light windows .
Inside the mausoleum is a white marble sarcophagus .
The yew tree in the churchyard is 1 @,@ 200 years old .
A stone slab was removed exposing steps leading to a crypt under the chancel .
This contained six coffins , four of which contained the bodies of the first and second Lords Stanley and their wives .
Once the details had been recorded , the crypt was resealed .
St Mary 's holds a variety of Anglican services on Sundays and offers a range of church activities .
The church is open to visitors at advertised times and guided tours are available .
A parish magazine is published monthly .
The maximum recorded length of the tawny nurse shark is 3 @.@ 2 m ( 10 ft ) .
At night , it is an active @-@ swimming predator that uses a powerful suction force to extract prey from inside holes and crevices .
It is aplacental viviparous , meaning the embryos hatch from egg capsules inside the mother .
It is the only carpet shark in which the embryos are oophagous , feeding on eggs produced by the mother while inside the uterus .
The litter size may be as small as one or two , based on the large size of near @-@ term embryos .
However , it should be accorded respect due to its powerful jaws and sharp teeth .
This species is caught by commercial fisheries across most of its range for meat , fins , liver oil , leather , and fishmeal .
Compagno recognized that the tooth shape differences used to separate these species were the result of differences in age , with N.
The genus name Nebrius is derived from the Greek word nebris or nebridos , meaning the skin of a fawn .
The specific epithet ferrugineus is Latin for " rust @-@ colored " .
The tawny nurse shark is widely distributed in the Indo @-@ Pacific region .
In the central Pacific , it has been reported from off New Caledonia , Samoa , Palau , the Marshall Islands , and Tahiti .
Young sharks are generally found in the shallow areas of lagoons , while adults may be encountered across a variety of habitats .
The tawny nurse shark grows to a maximum length of 3 @.@ 2 m ( 10 ft ) .
It has a robust , cylindrical body with a broadly rounded and flattened head .
The eyes are small and face laterally , with prominent ridges over them and smaller spiracles behind .
There are a pair of long , slender barbels in front of the nostrils .
The mouth is small , with the lower lip divided into three lobes .
As the shark ages , the teeth become relatively taller and thicker .
The fourth and fifth pairs of gill slits are placed much closer together than the others .
The dorsal and pelvic fins are angular , with the first dorsal fin larger than the second .
The caudal fin has a shallow upper lobe and barely present lower lobe , comprising about a quarter of the total length in adults .
Young sharks have starkly white lower eyelids .
Many tawny nurse sharks found off the coasts of Japan , Taiwan , and the Ryukyu Islands lack a second dorsal fin .
Individual sharks have small home ranges that they consistently return to each day .
Known parasites of this species include five species of tapeworms in the genus Pedibothrium , which infest the shark 's spiral intestine .
The tawny nurse shark may be one of the few fishes specializing in preying on octopus .
Other known food items include corals , sea urchins , crustaceans ( e.g.
Hunting tawny nurse sharks swim slowly just above the sea floor , poking their heads into depressions and holes .
Mating in the tawny nurse shark is known to occur from July to August off Madagascar .
Adult females have one functional ovary and two functional uteruses .
The egg capsules of this species are onion @-@ shaped , with thin , brown , translucent shells .
Unlike in mackerel sharks , the eggs consumed by the embryos are large and shelled rather than small and undeveloped .
There is no evidence of sibling cannibalism as in the sand tiger shark ( Carcharias taurus ) .
Tawny nurse sharks are favored attractions for ecotourist divers off Thailand , the Solomon Islands , and elsewhere .
This shark is caught using demersal trawls , floating and fixed bottom gill nets , and on hook @-@ and @-@ line .
In addition , the liver is a source of oil and vitamins , and the thick , tough skin is made into leather products .
Off Queensland , Australia , the tawny nurse shark is valued by big @-@ game anglers .
When hooked , large individuals are tenacious opponents and are difficult to subdue due to their habit of spinning .
Furthermore , this shark 's inshore habitat renders it susceptible to habitat degradation , destructive fishing practices ( e.g.
Localized declines or extirpations of the tawny nurse shark have been documented off India and Thailand .
Off Australia , this species has been assessed as of Least Concern , as there it is not targeted by fisheries .
The highway is a connector between Interstate 10 ( I @-@ 10 ) and SR 74 .
Along its route , it provides access to the San Bernardino National Forest .
SR 243 begins at SR 74 in the San Jacinto Wilderness near Mountain Center , Riverside County as Idyllwild Road .
The highway traverses north along a winding road through the community of Idyllwild .
SR 243 makes a left turn at the intersection with Circle Drive and continues through Pine Cove .
Segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local control may be omitted .
The entire route is in Riverside County .
Violators will be , according to 18 U.S.C.
The Amps were an American alternative @-@ indie rock group .
The group was named when Kim Deal started calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun , and the band Tammy and the Amps .
They recorded the album Pacer in Ireland and the United States .
Critics commented on the loose and rough quality of these performances .
Deal 's next album , the Breeders ' Title TK , was released seven years after Pacer .
The other members of the group at that time were Kim 's twin sister Kelley Deal , Josephine Wiggs and Jim Macpherson .
Meanwhile , Kim Deal was eager to continue recording and performing .
At first , she envisioned her next album as a solo record , on which she would play all of the instrument parts .
Since Kelley was now also involved , Deal decided not to go solo , but formed a new group .
She recruited Macpherson to play drums , musician Luis Lerma , bass , and Nate Farley , guitar .
Later , Kelley dropped out of the project for rehabilitation and moved to Saint Paul , Minnesota .
For fun , Deal began calling herself Tammy Ampersand , and the group , Tammy and the Amps .
This later became simply the Amps .
The Amps released one album , Pacer , which was recorded at several different studios .
The first session , at Easley Studios in Memphis , Tennessee , was engineered by Davis McCain and Doug Easley .
There Deal recorded new songs , including what would become Pacer 's single , " Tipp City " .
Engineers Steve Albini , John Agnello , Bryce Goggin and others each helped record one or more of these sessions .
Following the concerts with Sonic Youth , the Amps did a tour of Europe .
Reviewers described live concerts by the Amps as unpolished and relaxed .
The Chronicle 's Drema Crist praised their show at an unidentified location as " fun @-@ spirited and silly " .
The exploration of Jupiter has been conducted via close observations by automated spacecraft .
Aside from taking the first close @-@ up pictures of the planet , the probes discovered its magnetosphere and its largely fluid interior .
It also discovered a magnetic field around Ganymede .
Flights from Earth to other planets in the Solar System have a high energy cost .
In astrodynamics , this energy expenditure is defined by the net change in the spacecraft 's velocity , or delta @-@ v.
Gravity assists through planetary flybys ( such as by Earth or Venus ) can be used to reduce the energetic requirement ( i.e.
Ion thrusters capable of a delta @-@ v of more than 10 kilometers / s were used on the Dawn spacecraft .
Any probes descending into the atmosphere are eventually crushed by the immense pressures within Jupiter .
The subsequent and far more technologically advanced Voyager spacecraft had to be redesigned to cope with the radiation levels .
The radiation also caused phase shifts in Galileo 's ultra @-@ stable quartz oscillator .
The Voyager missions vastly improved our understanding of the Galilean moons , and also discovered Jupiter 's rings .
Other smaller storms and eddies were found throughout the banded clouds ( see animation on the right ) .
A third new satellite , Thebe , was discovered between the orbits of Amalthea and Io .
Europa displayed a large number of intersecting linear features in the low @-@ resolution photos from Voyager 1 .
At first , scientists believed the features might be deep cracks , caused by crustal rifting or tectonic processes .
During its Jupiter encounter , the probe made measurements of the planet 's magnetosphere .
Since the probe had no cameras , no images were taken .
About 26 @,@ 000 images of Jupiter were taken during the months @-@ long flyby .
The same announcement also discussed the nature of Jupiter 's rings .
Although close to Jupiter , New Horizons ' instruments made refined measurements of the orbits of Jupiter 's inner moons , particularly Amalthea .
The craft also studied Jupiter 's Little Red Spot and the planet 's magnetosphere and tenuous ring system .
The craft fully recovered within two days , with some data loss on Jupiter 's magnetotail .
No other data loss events were associated with the encounter .
This was the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial collision of solar system objects .
It would have melted thereafter , and possibly vaporized .
The presence of the minerals may have been the result of a collision with an asteroid or comet according to the scientists .
Juno will also study Jupiter 's deep winds , which can reach speeds of 600 km / h .
ESA 's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer ( JUICE ) has been selected as part of ESA 's Cosmic Vision science program .
The Europa Clipper is a mission proposed to NASA to focus on studying Jupiter 's moon Europa .
The spacecraft would fly by the moon 32 times to minimize radiation damage .
Funding difficulties have delayed progress .
Its main objectives included determining the presence or absence of a subsurface ocean and identifying candidate sites for future lander missions .
The Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) was a joint NASA / ESA proposal for exploration of Jupiter and its moons .
ESA 's contribution had encountered funding competition from other ESA projects .
The survey supported a cheaper alternative to JEO .
Particular targets are Europa , due to its potential for life , and Callisto , due to its relatively low radiation dose .
Before the JIMO mission was cancelled , NASA administrator Sean O 'Keefe stated that " human explorers will follow .
Factories stationed in orbit could mine the gas and deliver it to visiting craft .
Ganymede receives about 0 @.@ 08 Sv ( 8 rem ) of radiation per day .
One of the main targets chosen by the HOPE study was Callisto .
Callisto is the only Galilean satellite for which human exploration is feasible .
It could be possible to build a surface base that would produce fuel for further exploration of the Solar System .
The fort was built after more than 40 years of indecision over the defence of South Australia .
It was the first colonial fortification in the state and is the best preserved and most functional in Australia .
When built it was designed to defend both Semaphore 's anchorage and shipping entering the Port River from naval attack .
By the close of the 19th century , the fort was largely unused and had no defence significance .
It was briefly used for military purposes during World War I and World War II , though not for its original defensive role .
The fort is a lunette shaped defensible battery that was supported by land forces for self @-@ defence .
When constructed it was seen as state of the art , incorporating powerful and modern weapons .
The fort retains its original 19th century cannons and three have been restored to working condition .
The Association , park service , other volunteers and various grants have all helped ensure the fort is presented in close to original condition .
It is the most complete 19th Century fort in Australia , and one of very few in the world that remains in original condition .
Communication lines were long and the empire 's wars remote .
Great Britain had undisputed military predominance and she was expected by all to protect her colonies , even one as distant .
The various colonies regarded themselves as possible targets for the Russian Pacific Fleet , then based in Siberia .
For many years nothing substantive came about from debate on defence of the colony .
In that year also , British troops were withdrawn from the other Australian colonies ; none were by then stationed in South Australia .
They both recommended fixed fortifications for the coast supported by gunboats .
Sir Wiseman 's report particularly recommended construction of forts at Semaphore , Port Creek 's entrance and one midway between .
The South Australian Register produced an editorial decrying the states lack of defences .
The danger passed without any lasting defence action except the government 's in @-@ principle adoption of Sir Wiseman 's recommendations .
To curtail costs only the Semaphore fort was to be built initially , as it was considered the most critical .
Settlement extended beyond Port Augusta , though Adelaide remained the dominant feature in the economy partly due to the layout of the rail network .
At this point Adelaide had a population of over 30 @,@ 000 .
Scratchley had inspected the proposed South Australian fort sites , and Jervois and Scratchley were both responsible for the final fort design and location .
The first fort was erected to guard both the entrance to Port Adelaide and the anchorage at Semaphore .
At the time of its construction it was seen as a defence against foreign threats , mainly Russian .
Moncrieff , at Scratchley 's suggestion , was later to supervise the fort 's construction .
Changes were made to the design during construction .
A total of sixteen shots were fired during which one of the ten inch guns proved faulty .
Only one ranging shot was fired and the shots were estimated to land from on @-@ target to 350 yards short .
At the time of its construction it was at the forefront of such fortification design , and was considered state of the art .
Hart had named the house after his mother 's maiden name ( Mary Glanville ) .
Though some of the gunners served in the Second Boer War , the unit itself never saw action .
In this case no shots were fired and the strikers did not confront the police or troops .
There is little in the way of surviving personnel records from the fort 's active time .
They may have either been destroyed or transferred to Melbourne after federation .
For the time covered by the book , strength varied from 56 to 108 men of all ranks .
Battery Sergeant Major Charles Moritz , who initially joined the volunteer artillery and was the Permanent Artillery 's first recruit .
The fort is designed as a defensible battery , rather than a defensive strongpoint .
The faces of the fort join to form a half @-@ moon shape or lunette .
It was intended to be supported by field artillery , cavalry and infantry for self @-@ defence and to repel landings .
Ground levels have been changed to accommodate paths and a caravan park , and the original western fence no longer exists .
The entrance road was constructed from Military Road to the fort 's rear gates .
Its path is largely followed by the modern Queen Elizabeth II walk , though the former road was slightly to the south .
What was the muster ground is partly taken up by the caravan and camping park and a car park .
As designed the fort 's rear was protected with a wooden palisade or stockade .
The main defensive structure is a revetted lunette shaped earthwork .
The glacis gives extra protection to the fort and was designed to blend the fort into the landscape .
It surrounded the fort on the north , south and seaward sides and was made by forming the surrounding sandhills .
The southern glacis section was removed during sand mining and construction of the caravan park , both after World War II .
Access to the fort is via double gates at the fort 's rear , one each through the stockade and the rear defence wall .
Both gates were removed or destroyed over time and the 21st century gates are reconstructions .
The formal parade ground or manning parade lies between the rear walls and barracks , and the raised terreplein .
It was formerly used for drill training , assembly and formal parades .
Around the seaward side of the manning parade runs the terreplein .
This now levelled area was used as a bivouac and exercise area for the colony 's volunteer troops .
A stable , office , shed and gunner 's store were also erected north of the fort .
These buildings did not survive into the 21st century .
On either side of the terreplein , wide of the 64 @-@ pound guns , are two small rooms known as the expense stores .
Ranging was either performed from here or from a ranging position set in the sand hills to the fort 's north .
Either side of the gallery was installed the Armstrong mechanical loading systems for the 10 " guns .
The magazine is accessed from the manning parade and is directly beneath the 10 " gun loading gallery .
Voice pipes and hoists originally installed have been removed but their remains are visible .
The caponier ( rifle gallery ) extends into the ditch between the rampart and glacis from the fort 's north west corner .
It is connected to the fort via a tunnel , running under the rampart from the manning parade .
For blast protection and defensibility the tunnel was built with a dogleg .
The caponier has rifle firing ports and was originally protected from direct artillery fire by the glacis .
Early plans showed the caponier extending from the fort 's south west , and a tunnel linking the magazine and southern guns .
The barracks consists of two levels , with rifle firing holes on all sides .
Iron shutters closed on the inside and were locked with wooden beams .
These shutters were removed during 20th @-@ century restoration work and the verandah returned to original condition .
The roof was at first flat timber overlaid by 12 inches ( 30 cm ) of lime concrete .
The first floor of the barracks contains the officer 's rooms and troop 's barracks room .
The basement contains the gunner 's mess , canteen , No.
The canteen sold everyday necessities as well as a few items like biscuits , sweets and tobacco to the stationed troops .
Profits from the canteen were used to fund sporting equipment for the garrison .
The No.1 ancillary store was used for various pieces of delicate equipment , fuses , friction tubes and rockets .
The barracks room accommodated approximately 20 men .
For display purposes it is outfitted as for similar period barracks .
A laboratory is built into the rear wall , on the forts southern side .
This room is set into the end of the rampart and was used to prepare gunpowder charges .
Up to three men appear to have been accommodated in the guard 's room .
When the fort was converted to use as a caravan park the guard house was converted to an ablution block .
Early plans for the fort 's armament were drawn up by Harding Stewart of the British War Office .
This configuration of siege artillery had not been tried before and the plan was abandoned due to the large expected cost .
The final Jervois / Scratchley design omitted the turret and iron shields .
He also ordered Armstrong 's mechanical loading and protected barbette system for the 20 ton guns .
This original battery of four heavy guns remains in place at the fort .
They fire 400 @-@ pound ( 181 kg ) projectiles using a 130 @-@ pound ( 59 kg ) gunpowder cartridge .
Though they were insufficient against contemporary battleships , they were seen as adequate for the light cruisers that the fort was expected to face .
The carriages weighed 13 long tons ( 13 t ) and moved on semi @-@ circular traverses .
In the flank barbettes are mounted two mark III RML 64 pounder 64 cwt guns , numbers 462 and 463 .
Their intended use was to protect the flanks and approaches to the fort .
There are iron rings fixed in the rampart wall that indicate traversing gun carriages were intended to be mounted , though this never eventuated .
The guns were supplied with siege over @-@ bank carriages .
In this particular configuration the two guns are thought to be the last in the world .
By then the wheels were significantly rotted and the ammunition limbers had become unserviceable .
They are the only two guns of their type remaining in Australia .
This same gun is fired regularly by the volunteers of the Fort Glanville Historical Association ( FGHA ) .
Both types of heavy guns used where the only ones of their specific series and type to come to Australia .
This use was rejected by military authorities and the guns sat unused .
This proposal would have greatly extended the useful life of the fort , at little cost .
The gun 's eventual fate is unknown , though a gun found in the Port River later indicates they may have been dumped .
In the late 20th century the fort acquired three 16 @-@ pounder RML mark I field guns .
Gun number 288 is complete and used for blank firings by the Historical Association .
It was also used by A Battery , subsequently by Fort Largs as a signal gun .
It is one of only two of this type known to exist , the other in the United Kingdom .
The History Trust has loaned them to Fort Glanville for display .
Though guns had already been purchased specially , plans for the third fort at Glenelg were not proceeded with .
From this point Fort Glanville 's significance declined rapidly .
The decline was also linked to changes in Port Adelaide 's maritime facilities and the consequent northward movement of anchored and berthed vessels .
From that point its significance was not defence related but as the first and best preserved 19th @-@ century fortification in South Australia .
For most of the 20th century the site was neglected and largely vacated .
It did attract some usage though not always of a military nature .
During World War I it was partly revived for a former use , with ammunition stored on site .
During the same period however the military used it as a detention barracks .
Some or all of the fort was leased for private accommodation during the great depression .
In an unusual turn of events , the fort briefly housed refugees .
Twenty @-@ nine islanders from the Maldives were rescued from their sinking dhow by a ship bound for Wallaroo .
During World War II the fort again attracted military related use .
After the war , the State Government negotiated with its federal counterpart to gain control of Fort Glanville .
The park occupied the muster ground outside the fort and the fort 's barracks building was used as a manager 's residence .
Up to then there had been growing awareness of the significance of the site in terms of the state 's colonial heritage .
Though the site had long been neglected , there was minimal permanent damage to its structure .
The replaced timbers are visibly different as they have shrunk significantly with large gaps that are not evident in the original timber .
For the visit the historical association demonstrated firing of both the 64 and 2 pounder cannons .
The visitor centre was officially opened one month after this visit .
Considerable subsequent restoration work has been completed on the fort , including the barrack 's interior .
Fort Glanville Conservation Park is one of South Australia 's most important heritage sites .
It is the premier site in the state , and possibly Australia , for showcasing colonial era defences and fortifications .
The fort is listed on both the South Australian Heritage Register and the National Trust 's classified list .
The fort was very well constructed with high quality materials ; facts that have been noted as contributing to its preservation .
Its companion Fort Largs does survive but in greatly modified condition , converted for use as the South Australia Police academy .
The fort retains its original armament ; armament that is both rare in Australia and worldwide .
The conservation park is in the suburb of Semaphore Park at the southern end of the Lefevre Peninsula .
The land is entirely crown land and is administered by the DEWNR .
It is divided into roughly two halves with the northern containing the fort and the southern half containing a caravan park .
While it is managed by the DEWNR , the Fort Glanville Consultative Committee and Fort Glanville Historical Association are heavily involved .
The committee is appointed by the Minister for Environment and Planning and acts to advise the Minister and liaise with the community .
The historical association is an incorporated body of volunteers who use the fort under licence from the Minister .
The association maintain static displays of the fort 's active period and sell souvenirs .
The association 's goal is to have the site open as a fully operational fort for interpretation , tourism and education .
The volunteers are involved with recreation , living history and ceremonial work outside the fort .
The fort has living history displays , including the barracks laid out and furnished in period detail .
Prerogative powers were formerly exercised by the monarch acting on his or her own initiative .
A prominent constitutional theorist , A.
The prerogative is the name of the remaining portion of the Crown 's original authority ...
Every act which the executive government can lawfully do without the authority of an Act of Parliament is done in virtue of the prerogative .
Case law exists to support both views .
The royal prerogative originated as the personal power of the monarch .
During the 16th century , this " turbulence " began to recede , and the monarch became truly independent .
The rise of Parliament in this period , however , was problematic .
In Ferrer 's Case , Henry recognised this , noting that he was far more powerful with the consent of Parliament than without .
With the Glorious Revolution , King James VII and II was replaced by Queen Mary II and her husband King William III .
The monarch could force the dissolution of Parliament through a refusal of royal assent ; this would inevitably lead to a government resigning .
The appointment of the prime minister is also , theoretically , governed by the royal prerogative .
Usually , this is the leader of the political party that is returned to Parliament with a majority of seats after a general election .
In this situation , constitutional convention is that the previous incumbent has the first right to form a coalition government and seek appointment .
Pardons may eliminate the " pains , penalties and punishments " from a criminal conviction , though they do not remove convictions themselves .
The royal prerogative is in much use in the realm of foreign affairs .
The monarch also has the power to alter British territorial waters and cede territory .
Her freedom to do these things in practice is doubtful , in that they might deprive British citizens of their nationality and rights .
The monarch can also regulate colonies and dependent territories by exercising the prerogative through Orders in Council .
British passports are also issued under the prerogative , though these are also covered by statute law .
Under the common law , citizens have the right freely to leave and enter the United Kingdom .
The writ of ne exeat regno is also used to prevent a person leaving the country .
The monarch also has power to exercise her prerogative over the granting of honours , the regulation of the armed forces and ecclesiastical appointments .
Although the granting of most honours is normally decided by the executive , the monarch is still the person who technically awards them .
In relation to the armed forces , the monarch is the Commander in Chief , and members are regulated under the royal prerogative .
Today , the monarch exercises the prerogative almost exclusively in line with the advice of her government .
Several influential decisions of the House of Lords have determined the limited scope for the use of prerogative powers .
They therefore applied only the first of the Wednesbury tests : whether the use was illegal .
It is located in Palmer Land , within the Antarctic claims of Argentina , Chile and the United Kingdom .
They are interconnected by icefall zones forming a plateau with steep snow slopes .
Mount Jackson rises from its southeast flanks , displaying a steeple summit , while the north flank is occupied by a vast cirque .
The ground survey was facilitated by aerial photographs and aerial observations .
USAS later renamed it Mount Jackson for the seventh President of the United States .
The expedition , led by Lt.
Charles Wilkes , included exploration and surveying of the Pacific Ocean and surrounding lands , including Antarctica .
Mount Jackson and the Rowley Massif are separated by Odom Inlet .
Cline Glacier drains eastern Mount Jackson before arriving at Odom Inlet .
They identified various rock types and underlying volcanic activity .
The relief of the west facing slopes is gentler when compared to the eastern side , characterized by a steep rocky face .
Rock weathering is intense in the area spread with scree and felsenmeer .
Fresh rock formations and bedrock disintegration are noted .
Her main armament were her six torpedo tubes , which were supported by a battery of ten small @-@ caliber guns .
Aretusa spent most of her career in the main Italian fleet , where she was primarily occupied with training exercises .
She bombarded Ottoman positions in the Arabian Peninsula and took part in a blockade of the coast .
She displaced 833 metric tons ( 820 long tons ; 918 short tons ) normally .
She had a crew of between 96 and 121 .
Her primary offensive weapon was her five 450 mm ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes .
Italian naval forces in the region also included five protected cruisers and several smaller vessels .
On 27 July and 12 August , Aretusa , her sister ship Caprera , and Piemonte conducted two bombardments of Al Hudaydah .
During the second attack , they destroyed an Ottoman ammunition dump .
With the threat of an Ottoman attack greatly reduced , the High Command thereafter began to withdraw forces from the Red Sea Squadron .
By the end of August , the unit was reduced to three protected cruisers , Aretusa , Caprera and two auxiliaries .
On 14 October , the Ottoman government agreed to sign a peace treaty , ending the war .
Aretusa 's career ended shortly thereafter ; the Regia Marina discarded the ship in December and she was subsequently broken up for scrap .
M @-@ 6 , or the Paul B.
Although the freeway is named for Paul B.
Henry , local residents and the press continue to use the original name , South Beltline as well on occasion .
The freeway connects Interstate 196 ( I @-@ 196 ) on the west with I @-@ 96 on the east .
M @-@ 6 also provides a connection to U.S.
Each end is in a rural area while the central section has suburban development along the trunkline .
The project cost around $ 700 million or around $ 35 million per mile ( approximately $ 22 million per kilometer ) .
The first phase of construction was completed in asphalt , while the second and third phases were built in concrete .
M @-@ 6 starts at exit 64 on I @-@ 196 in Ottawa County near Hudsonville .
The freeway runs southeast from the interchange through the rural Georgetown and Jamestown townships toward the county line .
At Kenowa Avenue , the South Beltline crosses into Byron Township in Kent County .
The freeway corridor is bounded on each side by farmland , scattered subdivisions , and small pockets of woodland .
On either side of the freeway at Byron Center Avenue , there are two hospitals , Metro Health and St.
Mary 's Southwest , the former located on the very southern edge of the city of Wyoming .
Continuing east , the beltline curves to the southeast and into the cloverleaf interchange complex at US 131 .
This makes it the largest freeway interchange in Western Michigan .
The auxiliary lanes funnel the traffic using the interchange off the main carriageways to eliminate conflicts between merging streams of traffic .
M @-@ 6 curves around the southeast side of the Gerald R.
Ford International Airport in Cascade Township .
As the South Beltline nears I @-@ 96 , it crosses 48th Street next to the Thornapple Pointe Golf Course .
This interchange marks the eastern terminus of the Paul B.
Henry South Beltline Freeway .
The highway ran from US 41 at Phoenix to north of Eagle River .
Reuther Freeway ) in Metro Detroit , lobbying efforts and lawsuits attempted to block construction of the central section .
During this time , MDOT assigned M @-@ 6 to the eastern section of the freeway under construction .
The South Beltline Freeway near Grand Rapids was a project that took about 32 years to complete .
The choice of consultants on the project was controversial ; local planners felt that MDOT picked BKI Inc.
The consultants were asked to study a full freeway and a limited access boulevard design .
The City of Grand Rapids opposed the freeway while the suburbs and townships south and west of the city supported it .
City officials were concerned about the impact to commercial and industrial business in Grand Rapids .
Hudsonville 's city manager favored the proposal as a benefit to local vegetable producers who shipped produce to Detroit or Cleveland .
Other supporters , such as the Georgetown Township supervisor , were concerned that delays in starting the project could increase costs .
Local residents distributed 2 @,@ 000 fliers to their neighbors in opposition to the freeway .
The switch to a new consultant delayed further study because of the timetable to take bids and interview the candidates .
These local projects were focused on updating the information and maps from BKI 's study and refining the scope of the highway 's corridor .
The group called the roadway a " holocaust " in its mailings to the candidates .
The Michigan State Legislature named the South Beltline around the same time for the Congressman Paul B.
The land needed measured 360 feet ( 110 m ) wide and 20 miles ( 32 km ) long .
The first section was paved in asphalt after MDOT reversed the decision to pave the whole freeway in concrete .
MDOT hosted an open house along the unopened section of M @-@ 6 between Kalamazoo and Byron Center avenues .
The event was planned to draw attention to the M @-@ 6 Trail that runs parallel to the freeway .
Some event participants brought their horses for the chance to ride on the freeway .
When opened , reconstruction work was still being completed on overpass bridges at the I @-@ 196 interchange on the west end .
All of the bridges and sound barrier walls were painted sienna beige as part of a " color theme " to the freeway .
At the time , the various online mapping services still did not show a complete freeway in eastern Ottawa or southern Kent counties .
Services such as Mapquest and Yahoo !
At the same time , roads with interchanges along the freeway saw increased traffic .
Metro Health relocated from Grand Rapids to the location in Wyoming in the face of opposition to planned expansions of their previous location .
Since opening , even though the freeway was officially named for Paul Henry , the original South Beltline name is still in use .
Reactions to the new freeway were not all positive .
He cited the loss of rural farmland and wetlands as a negative effect of the highway .
The editorial also discussed that the freeway does decrease travel times for some residents , but it will mean increased development .
That development will mean further urban sprawl , and could spur the creation of additional highways in the area .
The M @-@ 6 Trail was the brainchild of Gaines Township Supervisor Don Hilton , Sr.
He had pushed to have the path included in the original freeway construction and opened with the rest of the South Beltline .
The balance came from Kent County and the townships .
San Giacomo and Colantoni , who had previously co @-@ starred on the sitcom Just Shoot Me !
Hank gives her three days to prove that she is innocent .
Veronica learns that a student named Jeff Ratner accused her .
Veronica goes to a computer student and ascertains the email address of the person who faked her paper .
Stosh " Piz " Piznarski invites Veronica bowling , and she invites Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) as well .
Wallace decides not to drop the class on whose test he cheated .
Parker Lee , Veronica , Piz , and Logan ( Jason Dohring ) bowl and have fun together .
When Veronica and Logan get room service , Veronica spots Jeff Ratner and questions him .
Parker is romantically interested in Piz , and she tasks Veronica with talking to him about her .
Veronica goes to Sheriff Lamb ( Michael Muhney ) with this news ; Wallace drops basketball to study for the class .
On their second date , Harmony suggests that they have sex , but Keith declines the proposal .
This traumatic experience makes him go back to Harmony , and they sleep together .
Logan begs Veronica to defend Mercer , as he was with him the night of one of the rapes .
However , he refuses to tell Veronica what they were doing .
The episode features the second of three appearances by Laura San Giacomo as Harmony Chase .
She and Enrico Colantoni had become friends when they co @-@ starred on the sitcom Just Shoot Me !
Adam Rose made his first appearance in this episode as a suspect ; he would make appearances later in the season as well .
Rose was roommates with Michael Mitchell , who played Bronson , another love interest for Mac .
Comparing it with the rest of the season , he opined that it suffered from some of the same problems of previous episodes .
He thought that the actions of many of the characters in " Hi , Infidelity " were out of character or unrealistic .
He also believed that all the series regulars , excluding Wallace , had an important and interesting role to play .
Television Without Pity gave the episode an " A " , which is one of its highest ratings given for the season .
Rowan Kaiser , writing for The A.V.
Club , gave a mixed review .
The earliest known ceratopsian , Yinlong downsi , lived between 161 @.@ 2 and 155 @.@ 7 million years ago .
Early members of the ceratopsian group , such as Psittacosaurus , were small bipedal animals .
Triceratops is by far the best @-@ known ceratopsian to the general public .
It is traditional for ceratopsian genus names to end in " -ceratops " , although this is not always the case .
Ceratopsians are easily recognized by features of the skull .
On the tip of a ceratopsian upper jaw is the rostral bone , an edentulous ( toothless ) ossification , unique to ceratopsians .
Othniel Charles Marsh recognized and named this bone , which acts as a mirror image of the predentary bone on the lower jaw .
This ossification evolved to morphologically aid the mastication of plant matter .
The epoccipital is a distinctive bones found lining the frills of ceratopsians .
The name is a misnomer , as they are not associated with the occipital bone .
These bones were ornamental instead of functional , and may have helped differentiate species .
Epoccipitals probably were present in all known ceratopsids with the possible exception of Zuniceratops .
Within these broad definitions , different species would have somewhat different shapes and numbers .
In centrosaurines especially , like Centrosaurus , Pachyrhinosaurus , and Styracosaurus , these bones become long and spike- or hook @-@ like .
A well @-@ known example is the coarse sawtooth fringe of broad triangular epoccipitals on the frill of Triceratops .
When regarding the ossification 's morphogenetic traits , it can be described as dermal .
The first ceratopsian remains known to science were discovered during the U.S.
Geological and Geographical Survey of the Territories led by the American geologist F.V.
It was not until the early 20th century that some of these were recognized as ceratopsian teeth .
He alerted paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope , who led a dig to recover the partial skeleton .
He named the new species Agathaumas sylvestris , meaning " marvellous forest @-@ dweller " .
Soon after , Cope named two more dinosaurs that would eventually come to be recognized as ceratopsids : Polyonax and Monoclonius .
Monoclonius was notable for the number of disassociated remains found , including the first evidence of ceratopsid horns and frills .
The frill bone was interpreted as a part of the breastbone .
Marsh considered the group distinct enough to warrant its own suborder within Ornithischia .
As the ICZN does not govern taxa above the level of superfamily , this is unlikely to change .
Following Marsh , Ceratopsia has usually been classified as a suborder within the order Ornithischia .
This list of ceratopsian genera by classification and location follows a review by Thomas R.
Albertaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & ?
Craspedodon from the Late Cretaceous ( Santonian ) of Belgium may also be a ceratopsian , specifically a neoceratopsian closer to ceratopsoidea than protoceratopsidae .
Possible leptoceratopsid remains have also been described from the early Campanian of Sweden .
Paleontologists today agree on the overall structure of the ceratopsian family tree , although there are differences on individual taxa .
None have used every taxon listed above and many of the differences between the studies are still unresolved .
In clade @-@ based phylogenetic taxonomy , Ceratopsia is often defined to include all marginocephalians more closely related to Triceratops than to Pachycephalosaurus .
The rostral bone and flared jugals are already present in all of these forms , indicating that even earlier ceratopsians remain to be discovered .
The clade Neoceratopsia includes all ceratopsians more derived than psittacosaurids .
Another subset of neoceratopsians is called Coronosauria , which currently includes all ceratopsians more derived than Auroraceratops .
Coronosaurs show the first development of the neck frill and the fusion of the first several neck vertebrae to support the increasingly heavy head .
One group can be called Protoceratopsidae and includes Protoceratops and its closest relatives , all Asian .
Another group , Leptoceratopsidae , includes mostly North American animals that are more closely related to Leptoceratops .
The Ceratopsoidea includes animals like Zuniceratops , which are more closely related to the family Ceratopsidae .
They analysed their taxa as well as most other primitive ceratopsians to get a consensus cladogram .
Their study also found an equal consensus cladogram finding Ajkaceratops not as a neoceratopsian but a protoceratopsid .
Nothing else about the cladograms changed .
The cladogram presented below is a combination of Xu , Makovicky , and their colleagues ' most recent work .
Chaoyangsaurus is recovered in a more basal position than Psittacosauridae , although Chinnery 's original analysis finds it within Neoceratopsia .
Protoceratopsidae is considered to be the sister group of Ceratopsoidea .
Removal of Asiaceratops stabilizes the entire cladogram .
Kulceratops and Turanoceratops are considered nomina dubia in this study .
Makovicky believes Lamaceratops , Magnirostris , and Platyceratops to be junior synonyms of Bagaceratops , and Bainoceratops to be synonymous with Protoceratops .
Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops are each considered nomina dubia and not included .
Ceratopsia appears to have originated in Asia , as all of the earliest members are found there .
Almost all leptoceratopsids are North American , aside from Udanoceratops , which may represent a separate dispersal event , back into Asia .
It is unknown whether this indicates ceratopsids actually originated in Asia , or if the Turanoceratops immigrated from North America .
There is a great deal of variation between and even within ceratopsian species .
Complete growth series from embryo to adult are known for Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops , allowing the study of ontogenetic variation in these species .
Significant sexual dimorphism has been noted in Protoceratops and several ceratopsids .
Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops are the most common dinosaurs in the different Mongolian sediments where they are found .
These facts indicate that some ceratopsians were the dominant herbivores in their environments .
Some species of ceratopsians , especially Centrosaurus and its relatives , appear to have been gregarious , living in herds .
This is suggested by bonebed finds with the remains of many individuals of different ages .
Most restorations of ceratopsians show them with erect hindlimbs but semi @-@ sprawling forelimbs , which suggest that they were not fast movers .
A nocturnal lifestyle has been suggested for the primitive ceratopsian Protoceratops .
Activity @-@ related bone fractures have been documented in ceratopsians .
Periostitis has also been documented in the shoulder blade of a ceratopsian .
The film considers the question of whether all individuals or just experts should be tasked with editing an encyclopedia .
The site 's history and background is given , along with commentary from Wikipedia founders Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger .
The documentary discusses incidents that shed a negative light on Wikipedia , including the Essjay controversy and the Wikipedia biography controversy .
Everything , According to Wikipedia , an American documentary film , explores the history and cultural implications of Wikipedia .
The film presents Wikipedia as a new form of communication and cultural dialog .
The film gives an overview of the history of the enterprise , as well as biographical information on founder Jimmy Wales .
Wales is shown discussing Wikipedia with an Indian reader , who points out an inaccuracy in an article .
Wales proceeds to show the reader how to click the " edit " tab on the website .
The film documents an initiative in India and Africa called " Wikipedia Academies " .
Gibson , a producer on the film , met with co @-@ director Nic Hill .
Gibson financed Hill 's travels while making the film .
The working title for the film was Truth in Numbers : The Wikipedia Story .
The production team made their initial work on the project known to Internet viewers via the website www.wikidocumentary.org.
Another collaborative website focused on the documentary was formed at Wikia , located at wikidocumentary.wikia.com.
Hill is himself an editor of Wikipedia , starting an article about a graffiti artist .
Gibson and Hill required expertise in the creative and funding aspects of film @-@ making and invited Scott Glosserman to join the venture .
After Glosserman signed on , the breadth of the endeavor became larger .
The film ended up taking an additional three years to finish after Glosserman joined the production .
Koretz used a Panasonic AG @-@ HPX500 P2 HD camcorder .
He stated he preferred using P2 cards over the HDD @-@ based format due to its superior reliability .
Editors in the audience had mixed views on the film .
It was shown in conjunction with the Robert M.
Batscha University Seminar Series .
After the event , SnagFilms subsequently made the film available for free for six days to viewers in the United States .
He said the movie was dated due to its delay .
You gotta watch it to remain socially relevant !
Daniel D 'Addario reviewed Truth in Numbers ?
Everything , According to Wikipedia for the AOL Inc.
D 'Addario commented , " the film raises interesting questions about authority , only somewhat intentionally .
To be honest , this is very important in a film like this and is a definite plus for the movie .
This film is definitely worth a viewing .
The road passes the ghost town of Sunrise City and several smaller settlements , remnants of the gold rush that occurred in that area .
The Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway ( AK @-@ 1 ) , inside Chugach National Forest .
The highway proceeds north , traveling through several miles of pine forest , in a valley in the Kenai Mountain range .
The highway passes alongside the Resurrection Creek , which was the source for the settlement of this area .
The road proceeds through the abandoned settlement of Sunrise City , which was an old mining town .
The roadway proceeds to the Turnagain Arm , and turns in a westward direction .
The road continues along the arm for several miles before entering the city of Hope .
The highway passes through Hope , intersecting the Old Hope Highway and several smaller streets before exiting the town and reentering the forest .
The highway reaches its northern terminus , an access road to the Porcupine Creek Campgrounds .
The entire length of the Hope Highway is located in the Chugach National Forest .
No portion of the highway is listed on the National Highway System .
The daily average vehicle count for the highway is just under 300 .
The original highway connected the city of Hope to Moose Pass , which then took people to Anchorage via the Alaska Railroad .
The entire highway is in Kenai Peninsula Borough .
The Old Hope Highway is a short , historic route of the Hope Highway located in the city of Hope .
The road has an unpaved , gravel surface , and passes several small businesses and homes located in Hope .
The game introduces two Gradius @-@ style shooter levels .
Accordingly , the development team shrunk Mario gameplay elements for the device and used some elements inconsistently from the series .
Super Mario Land was expected to showcase the console until Nintendo of America bundled Tetris with new Game Boys .
Initial reviews were laudatory .
Reviewers were satisfied with the smaller Super Mario Bros.
They considered it among the best of the Game Boy launch titles .
The handheld console became an immediate success and Super Mario Land ultimately sold over 18 million copies , more than that of Super Mario Bros.
Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers praised the game 's soundtrack .
Later reviews were critical of the compromises made in development and noted Super Mario Land 's deviance from series norms .
The game was included in several top Game Boy game lists and debuted Princess Daisy as a recurring Mario series character .
In Super Mario Land , Mario travels to Sarasaland to save Princess Daisy from Tatanga , an evil spaceman .
Levels end with a platforming challenge to reach an alternative exit located above the regular exit .
The former leads to a bonus minigame that awards extra lives .
Mario pursues Princess Daisy , in her debut , rather than the series standard damsel in distress , Princess Peach .
The job fell to Nintendo R & D1 , a development team led by Game Boy inventor Gunpei Yokoi .
Yokoi , the head of R & D1 , served as producer , and Satoru Okada served as director .
The company subsequently chose to bundle Tetris with every Game Boy purchase .
Critics saw Super Mario Land as a " smaller " and shorter version of Super Mario Bros.
With this in mind , Thomas was concerned about player " eyestrain " in rereleases of the game .
Still , IGN 's Levi Buchanan thought the game made no compromises in its size reduction .
French games magazine Player One felt that Super Mario Land adequately compromised where necessary to bring Mario to a portable device .
Electronic Gaming Monthly 's Steve Harris considered the game " fantastic " and " very fun to play " , albeit short .
Eurogamer reported that the game could be finished in under an hour .
Matt Regan of Mean Machines agreed : " Playability to the nth degree !
Player One , Eurogamer , and Complex too complimented the music .
Player One further pronounced Super Mario Land a " masterpiece " , " the pinnacle of portable video gaming " .
The game begot a Super Mario Land series of portable Mario games .
The subsequent Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 began the Wario franchise .
Super Mario Land is remembered for its miniaturized Super Mario elements and " twist on just about every Mario mainstay imaginable " .
Mean Machines was also put off by the alien theme , easy difficulty , and dot matrix screen blur .
IGN 's Travis Fahs wrote that the game was comparatively not as " ambitious " as Super Mario Bros.
Schilling of Eurogamer instead blamed the Game Boy 's technical limitations .
Super Mario Land 's shooter levels , new to the series , were not revisited in subsequent series games .
Complete Edition omnibus collection , which features various revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art .
However , the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters have been criticized as extreme and no longer humorous in modern times .
The series has been described as having had a hand in paving the way for the J @-@ pop phenomenon .
Although Hibari refuses , Jun continues to pursue Hibari until Jun is overwhelmed by Hibari 's superhuman ability to spike the ball .
Hibari is a high school student assigned male at birth who looks and behaves as a girl , much to Ibari 's dismay.Ch.
She dropped out of art school in her second year and became a professional illustrator.Ch.
Like her father , Tsubame is against Hibari acting as a girl , Ch .
He is in love with Tsugumi.Ch.
He looks scary , but he has a timid personality.Ch.
When something surprises her , she composes a haiku.Ch.
Eguchi drew up the storyboard for the first chapter in about 30 minutes in a cafe , and came up with the title Stop !
Eguchi had often rushed when drawing his earlier manga Susume !
As a result , Eguchi abandoned the serialization and the editorial department decided to discontinue the series .
A 35 @-@ episode anime television series adaptation , produced by Toei Animation and directed by Takashi Hisaoka .
The screenplay was written by : Shigeru Yanagawa , Tokio Tsuchiya , Hiroshi Toda , Tomomi Tsutsui , Takeshi Shudo and Yumi Asano .
The opening theme is " Stop !
Manga critic Haruyuki Nakano has called Stop !
Manga commentator Nobunaga Minami lauded Eguchi for being a pioneer in drawing characters with a high fashion sense in Stop !
The series has been called effervescent and having had a hand in paving the way for the J @-@ pop phenomenon .
When Tegami Bachi author Hiroyuki Asada read Stop !
According to Eguchi , some people who read Stop !
Later titles in the series feature support for downloadable content in the form of new songs .
They enlisted Harmonix , who previously developed several music video games , for development assistance .
The first game in the series was made on a budget of $ 1 million .
Activision brought Neversoft ( primarily known for their Tony Hawk series of skateboarding games ) on board for future development duties .
Additional companies , such as Budcat Creations and Vicarious Visions have assisted in the adaptation of the games for other systems .
The Guitar Hero franchise was a primary brand during the emergence of the popularity of rhythm games as a cultural phenomenon in North America .
Such games have been utilized as a learning and development tool for medical purposes .
As a result of the two purchases , Harmonix would no longer develop future games in the Guitar Hero series .
Instead , that responsibility would go to Neversoft , a subsidiary of Activision known for developing the Tony Hawk 's series of skateboarding games .
The company also began considering the expansion of the series to band @-@ specific titles with Guitar Hero : Aerosmith .
Activision used the services of the Pentagram design studio to refashion the game 's logo .
Activision cited " continued declines in the music genre " to explain its decision .
The title was developed by Activision 's internal studio FreeStyleGames , who previously had worked on the DJ Hero spinoff titles .
FreeStyleGames were given free reign to reboot the Guitar Hero series for next @-@ generation consoles .
Guitar Hero Live was released with both career and an online mode .
Guitar Hero is notable because it comes packaged with a controller peripheral modeled after a black Gibson SG guitar .
Rather than a typical gamepad , this guitar controller is the primary input for the game .
The concept was to have the gameplay of Amplitude with the visuals of Karaoke Revolution , both of which had been developed by Harmonix .
Guitar Hero has sold nearly 1 @.@ 5 million copies to date .
The PlayStation 2 version of the game was offered both separately and in a bundle with a cherry red Gibson SG guitar controller .
About 3 million units of Guitar Hero II have sold on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 .
Guitar Hero World Tour also features custom song creation that can be shared with others .
Artists including Johnny Cash , Matt Bellamy , Carlos Santana , Kurt Cobain and Shirley Manson appear as playable characters in the game .
Though it was produced after Harmonix were purchased by MTV Games , it was part of their contractual obligation to complete the game .
Guitar Hero : Aerosmith was the first band @-@ centric game for the series .
A new feature in the game , where the drummer can access a mode called Expert + , has also been added .
It features full @-@ band versions of 48 songs from earlier Guitar Hero games that only used the guitar controller .
Unlike the previous versions , each of the songs is based on a master recording that includes some live tracks .
Band Hero features Top 40 hits aimed at family audiences , and include the full band play style of Guitar Hero 5 .
Musician Taylor Swift appears as a playable character in the game , as do the members of No Doubt .
DJ Hero uses a special turntable @-@ based controller for players to perform with on various song mixes in the game .
The game also includes more vocal options for singing and rapping to songs , and a freestyle mode for players .
The peripheral only features the first four fret buttons and a strap so the Nintendo DS can be held sideways comfortably for play .
The game also includes a guitar pick shaped stylus for use with strumming in the game , which players move across the touchscreen .
Guitar Hero : On Tour was developed by Vicarious Visions , who also ported the Guitar Hero games to Nintendo 's Wii console .
However , the peripheral is not compatible with the original Nintendo DS model or the Nintendo DSi .
Band Hero is limited to vocals and drums on the two consoles for the same reason .
Activision and RedOctane also worked with Basic Fun , Inc.
Dave Mustaine , frontman for Megadeth , stated he had been in talks with Activision and Neversoft for a Guitar Hero @-@ related product .
The guitar controller is recommended for play , although a standard console controller can be used instead .
However , the guitar controller has been required for play ever since the inclusion of drum and vocal parts in the series .
The Star Power Meter can also be filled by using the whammy bar during sustained notes within these segments .
When Star Power is activated , the scoring multiplier is doubled until Star Power is depleted .
Thus , Star Power can be used strategically to play difficult sections of a song that otherwise might cause the player to fail .
Notes can be a single note , or composed of two to five notes that make a chord .
During a sustained note , a player may use the whammy bar on the guitar to alter the tone of the note .
In addition , notes can now be played while a sustained note is being played .
Guitar Hero World Tour introduced drums and vocal tracks in addition to lead and bass guitar .
Guitar Hero 5 allows players to create a band of up to four players using any combination of instruments .
The reaction of the audience is based on the performance of the player judged by the Rock Meter .
Guitar Hero II added special lighting and other stage effects that were synchronized to the music to provide a more complete concert experience .
These animations were created by Chris Prynoski and his studio , Titmouse , Inc .
It is by completing songs in this mode that the songs are unlocked for play across the rest of the game .
Players can choose their on @-@ stage character , their guitar of choice , and the venue in which they wish to play .
The games have also added multiplayer modes .
Each player plays different portions of the song .
There is also a Pro Face @-@ Off mode , where two players battle at the same difficulty level .
The Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii versions of the games support multiplayer modes over their respective network services .
The four difficulty levels for each song afford the player a learning curve in order to help him / her progress in skill .
Medium introduces the fourth ( blue ) fret button , and Hard includes the final fret button while adding additional notes .
The addition of the orange fret button forces players to move their fingers up and down the neck .
Another new difficulty only for drums was added to Metallica known as Expert + , which uses the double bass pedal .
Quest Mode tells the story of an ancient warrior who was defeated by a powerful monster and his mystical guitar was lost .
The player must amass a team of rockers to help recover this guitar and defeat the monster ( called " The Beast " ) .
As the player progresses through the mode , the rockers joining them will transform based on the number of stars earned from songs played .
These transformations will empower the player with extra abilities in a song such as constant score multipliers or Star Power bonuses .
Many of the characters reappear throughout the series , with the character roster changing as new characters are added or removed .
The band @-@ specific games , Aerosmith , Metallica , and Van Halen also feature the members of the respective bands .
Later games on the Xbox 360 and Wii allowed players to use the respective console 's avatars as members of the band .
The guitars can also be customized with special finishes purchasable through the in @-@ game store .
Guitar Hero World Tour includes the ability to fully customize any component of the guitar .
Songs with profanities have been censored .
Songs each cost approximately $ 2 through the various online stores for the console 's platform .
Activision has also stated that they are considering a monthly subscription service to deliver downloadable content to user for future games .
Games in the Guitar Hero series have been generally well received by critics .
The initial games were highly praised by reviewers .
Guitar Hero 5 's improvements toward social gameplay were complemented by reviewers and considered a further improvement upon the series .
How do you get to Carnegie Hall ?
Tap , tap , tap .
Guitar Hero II was significantly more financially successful , with over 1 @.@ 3 million copies sold and sales over US $ 200 million .
Overall , the Guitar Hero series has sold more than 25 million units worldwide , earning US $ 2 billion at retail .
The Guitar Hero series has made a significant cultural impact , becoming a " cultural phenomenon " .
Several journalists , including 1UP.com , Wired , G4TV , the San Jose Mercury News , Inc .
Sony 's PlayStation 3 console has no compatibility with the PlayStation 2 Guitar Hero controller on the system .
Patent 5 @,@ 990 @,@ 405 .
Gibson claimed that this covers technology that simulates a concert performance via pre @-@ recorded audio and a musical instrument .
Activision and Gibson settled the suit following this ruling .
Activision , through John Devecka , owns all of Devecka Enterprises ' US and international patents that deal with music games .
All patents issued by the USPTO are presumed valid .
PCG claims that " Acts of false marketing deter innovation and stifle competition in the marketplace .
Many critics believed that the number of releases of Guitar Hero games was " milking " the brand name and oversaturating the market .
Analysts stated that such games must continue to innovate instead of just providing more songs in order to prevent " genre fatigue " .
The fieldfare ( Turdus pilaris ) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae .
It breeds in woodland and scrub in northern Europe and Asia .
It is strongly migratory , with many northern birds moving south during the winter .
Fieldfares often nest in small colonies , possibly for protection from predators .
The nest is built in a tree where five or six eggs are laid .
The chicks are fed by both parents and leave the nest after a fortnight .
There may be two broods in southern parts of the range but only one further north .
Migrating birds and wintering birds often form large flocks , often in the company of Redwings .
The breast and flanks are heavily spotted .
The breast has a reddish wash and the rest of the underparts are white .
The sexes are similar in appearance but the females are slightly more brown .
The male has a simple chattering song and the birds have various guttural flight and alarm calls .
The English common name fieldfare dates back to at least the eleventh century .
The Anglo @-@ Saxon word feldefare perhaps meant traveller through the fields .
The name Turdus pilaris comes from two separate Latin words for thrush .
No subspecies are recognised .
In flight , its white under wing @-@ coverts and axillaries are conspicuous .
The harsh flight call " tsak tsak " is also distinctive .
The forehead and crown of the male are bluish @-@ grey and each feather has a central brownish @-@ black band .
The lores and under @-@ eye regions are black and there are faint , pale streaks above the eyes .
The scapulars and mantle feathers are dark chestnut @-@ brown with dark central streaks and pale tips .
There are fourteen tail feathers each with a pointed tip , the outer two slightly shorter than the others giving a rounded tail .
They are brownish @-@ black , with inconspicuous darker bars visible in some lights .
The chin , throat and upper breast are creamy @-@ buff with bold streaks and speckles of brownish @-@ black .
The secondaries are similar but fringed with chestnut @-@ brown on the leading edge .
The upper wing @-@ coverts are brownish @-@ black and similar to the outer primaries in their margin colouration .
The beak is strong , with a slight curve and a notch near the tip .
It is orange @-@ yellow in winter , with the upper mandible somewhat brownish and both mandible tips brownish @-@ black .
In the summer both mandibles of the male 's beak are yellow .
The irises are dark brown and the legs and feet are brown .
The throat and breast are paler with fewer , smaller markings .
The beak is similar to the male 's winter beak .
The juvenile are a duller colour than the adults with pale coloured streaks on the feathers that have dark streaks in the adult .
The young assume their adult plumage after their first moult in the autumn .
The call is mostly uttered in flight and is a harsh " tsak tsak tsuk " .
The same sound , but softer , is made more conversationally when individuals gather in trees .
When angry or alarmed they emit various warning sounds reminiscent of the mistle thrush ( Turdus viscivorous ) .
The male has a rather feeble song that he sings in the breeding season .
The fieldfare is a migratory species with a palearctic distribution .
Its winter range extends through West and South Europe to North Africa , though it is uncommon in the Mediterranean region .
Eastern populations migrate to Anatolia , Israel , Iran and Northwest India , and occasionally Northeast India .
It does not avoid the vicinity of humans and can be seen in cultivated areas , orchards , parks and gardens .
It also inhabits open tundra and the slopes of hills above the tree line .
In the winter , groups of fieldfares are chiefly found in open country , agricultural land , orchards and open woodland .
They are nomadic , wandering wherever there is an abundance of berries and insects .
Later in the year they move on to pastureland and cultivated fields .
The flight of the fieldfare is slow and direct .
It takes several strong beats then closes its wings briefly before flapping on .
It is highly gregarious , quite shy and easily scared in the winter and bold and noisy in the breeding season .
When a group is in a tree they all tend to face in the same direction , keeping up a constant chatter .
When alarmed they fly off down wind and the feeding group reforms elsewhere .
They roost socially , sometimes in overgrown hedges and shrubberies but usually on the ground .
Migration southwards from the breeding range starts in October but the bulk of birds arrive in the United Kingdom in November .
Some of these are still on passage and carry on into continental Europe but others remain .
The passage @-@ migrants return in April and they and the resident migrants depart from the United Kingdom mostly by early May .
The fieldfare is omnivorous .
When berries ripen in the autumn these are taken in great number .
Hawthorn , holly , rowan , yew , juniper , dog rose , Cotoneaster , Pyracantha and Berberis are all relished .
Later in the winter windfall apples are eaten , swedes attacked in the field and grain and seeds eaten .
The breeding season starts in May in Poland but further north in Scandinavia may not start until early July .
The female fieldfare builds a cup @-@ shaped nest with no attempt at concealment .
Fieldfares usually nest in close proximity to others of the same species .
The adults will defend the nest aggressively and nesting gregariously may offer protection from predators .
There are usually five to six eggs in a clutch , but occasionally three , four , seven or eight eggs are laid .
Many are pale blue speckled with fine brown dots and resemble those of the common blackbird .
Others are bright blue , with or without larger red @-@ brown splotches .
Incubation starts before all the eggs are laid and lasts for thirteen to fourteen days .
The female does all or most of the incubation .
The chicks are altricial and both parents bring food to them .
In the United Kingdom , at the extreme edge of the fieldfare 's breeding range , only a handful of pairs breed .
The Type 94 pistol was designed for , and popular among , Japanese tank and aircraft crews who preferred a smaller , lightweight design .
Additionally , the process to disassemble the pistol is overly complex and awkward .
The Type 94 Nambu pistol was designed by Kojiro Nambu after he retired from the Japanese Army and founded the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company .
The demand for officer 's handguns had increased as a result of Japan 's invasion of Manchuria during the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War .
During World War II the pistol became a preferred weapon for tank crews and paratroopers who required a smaller , more convenient pistol .
The Type 94 was never officially adopted by the Imperial Japanese Navy but was available to officers through the Japanese officer 's union .
The Type 94 pistol is operated by a different mechanism than previous Japanese sidearms .
Unlike previously designed Nambu pistols , the Type 94 operates with a concealed hammer and with a firing pin rather than a hammer .
According to authors , Harry L.
The sturdier hammer firing mechanism was developed and included in the Type 94 to replace the poor striker on the Type 14 Nambu .
The locking system is a rising @-@ block type which floats independently between the lugs underneath the chamber end of the barrel .
The magazine catch protrudes far enough to occasionally disengage when the pistol is placed on its left side on a hard surface .
The magazine could also disengage if squeezed into or jarred in a holster .
The smooth wooden finished grip was replaced by a bakelite checkered pattern .
Only four unserialized and undated pistols are known to exist and include mismatch parts with no inspection marks , lanyard loops , and extractors .
Disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol is considered difficult and can lead to damage to the pistol if done carelessly .
This will allow the crossbolt to be released after the firing pin is depressed .
Removal of the crossbolt without depressing the firing pin will damage both the firing pin and the crossbolt .
Removing the crossbolt is further complicated as the disassemblers hands are both holding the pistol and depressing the firing pin .
Holsters faced the same degradation in quality as the Type 94 pistol .
The Type 94 pistol holster is distinguishable from other Japanese holsters having a pointed closure flap and a vertically positioned magazine pouch .
The pouch tow has a narrow extension to accommodate a cleaning rod .
The majority of holsters were made in civilian owned tanneries with some ink stamped with arsenal and inspection marks .
The poor design of the breech allowed the Type 94 Nambu to be fired unintentionally .
The sear bar on the Type 94 Nambu converts the forward pull of the trigger into a lateral movement that frees the hammer .
The forward end of the sear bar would need to be depressed approximately 2mm to cause the weapon to fire .
These stories are widely discredited because of the difficulty to fire the weapon by squeezing the sear bar .
If the safety is engaged on the Type 94 it is impossible for the weapon to discharge unintentionally .
A village of about 1 @,@ 400 people , Jifna has retained a Christian majority since the 6th century CE .
Later the town grew less significant politically , but nevertheless prospered under Byzantine and Arab rule due to its location on a trade route .
However , it again fell into ruin after the Crusaders were driven out by the Ayyubids .
In modern times , the ruins of St.
George 's Church have become a tourist attraction .
During the period of Ottoman control in Palestine the tower of an ancient Roman structure in Jifna became the location of a jail house .
Jifna has local traditions and legends relating to the Holy Family , and to the village water @-@ spring .
The latter portion of its Talmudic name derives from the Hebrew root word gefen , meaning " vine " .
Known by the Romans as Cofna , Jifna was a regional capital in the Iudaea Province under the Roman Empire .
Around 50 BCE the Roman general Cassius sold the population into slavery , for failure to pay taxes .
They were freed , however , by Mark Antony shortly after he came to power .
Titus , the future Roman emperor , passed through Gophna during his march to besiege Jerusalem in 70 CE .
It was known by the Arabs as Gafeniyyah .
Sources are vague , but it is likely that St.
The Crusaders built a large courtyard building in Jifna .
It had a monumental gate with a portcullis , with a large vaulted hall and thick walls of fine masonry .
They were relics of a castle built by the Crusaders .
During this period , the main commodity of Jifna was olive oil .
They were joined , voluntarily , by two prominent local priests .
In the courtyard of St.
George 's Church is a sarcophagus .
Mass is still held at its altar on certain occasions .
In retaliation , residents of Bir Zeit uprooted and burned 125 of Jifna 's olive groves .
Thus , its administrative and civil affairs were transferred to the PNA , while security matters remained in Israeli control .
The Palestinian refugee camp of Jalazone was built on Jifna 's southern lands and is connected to the village by road .
The villages of Dura al @-@ Qar ' and Ein Siniya are located adjacent to Jifna to the east and northeast respectively .
Jifna is connected to the main Ramallah @-@ Nablus highway by a road at the eastern side of the village .
Jifna experiences a temperate Mediterranean climate .
Rain is usually restricted to the winter season , from around November until the end of April .
The months that receive the most precipitation are January and December and the annual rainfall is 23 @.@ 2 inches ( 590 mm ) .
The gender distribution was 465 males ( 48 @.@ 4 % ) and 494 females ( 51 @.@ 6 % ) .
The population of Jifna continues to grow .
The remains of the Byzantine @-@ era church in Jifna testifies to the existence of a Christian community prior to the Muslim conquest .
It continued to exist during the Middle Ages and the village is still inhabited mainly by Christians .
The names of Christian inhabitants from Jifna appeared in a 10th @-@ century inscription on a stone above the gate of St.
George 's Monastery in the Wadi Qelt .
Ottoman tax records from the late 16th century reveal that Jifna had a Christian population at the time also .
Palestinian Christians make up about 80 % of the residents , while the remaining 20 % are Muslims , mostly refugees .
It is certain that most of the Christian residents of Jifna in the 12th century were local inhabitants .
In Jifna , like in many other sites in Palestine , the Crusaders built their settlement in the heart of the local Christian settlement .
Unlike some other West Bank localities , unemployment is a minor issue in Jifna .
According to the PCBS , 98 @.@ 5 % of Jifna 's 201 households are connected to electricity through a public network .
The same percentage is connected to a sewage system , mostly through a cesspit .
The village is home to the Jifna Women 's Charitable Society which offers health services and recreational activities for women and children .
Situated in the center of the village , the restaurant is the site of Jifna 's old city .
With international funding , the local youth club restored the area , adding bright accents to the stone masonry .
The restaurant has become a center of tourism and the complex provides tours for its rooms , olive oil presses and ancient ramparts .
The owners and the employees of the restaurant are from the Tabash family .
